
I lay there in the dark, sore, and beaten. My mom is a crack addict, that means, for her to get her high.....she pays by me getting raped. One of her drug dealers, just raped me in my own home....but this is regular routine. I turned of the light and crawled back to bed... School tommorw and if u think my pain ends here. Wait till I get to school.....
It's a good thing. It's a good thing that I have moved on. Or at least I am still trying to do so. Things will be alright though. I will be alright. Everything will be just fine.
I am just so grateful to Zayn. If it wasn't for him then I would have never be able to get a decent job like this one. I owe him so much. I just hope that he quickly moves over to London too so that I don't have to be so lonely. I need a flatmate. He did say he was planning on leaving his current job but he is still not entirely sure when. Hopefully soon.
I sighed as I looked in the mirror. I look fairly decent, I just hope I can make a good first expression. I do not want to be seen as the grumpy one. I used to hate those teachers when I was young. But I don't want to come out as a childish one either. Most teachers don't like those types of colleagues. Hopefully all will go well. Hopefully.
I can't help but wonder what she must be doing right now. Probably not thinking what I am doing. I still can't believe she did that to me. I just can't. It was not supposed to end like this. We were not supposed to end like this. God, I can't believe I was going to propose to that girl. I'm glad I did not. It was for the best. But I still can't help but miss her.
I shook my head, biting my bottom lip as I tried to get rid of all the thoughts in my head. They will only bring me down and I don't want to look like some depressed freak in my interview. I can do this.
"I don't need her," I mumbled, looking right into my eyes in the mirror. I know it was a lie. But I know that it will be better for me to make it the truth. The sooner the better. I can't have her ruin my life while she's living hers to the fullest. I'm not going to give her the satisfaction that she broke me. She did not. Not yet at least.
I sighed before making my way out the room before walking out of my flat and locking the door behind me. My bag was hanging on my right shoulder, it had my details and all for the interview. I can do this. Without her. I can do this.
+_+_+_+_+_+
Coming in June, but let me know what you think? xx
I live with four other girls in a small orphanage. Ms. Susan Yancy is in charge of Magnolia Foster Home for Girls. I have another sibling, but we were split up when I was ten and he was eight. His name is Grant Grace, and he looks just like me. Big brown eyes, straight brown hair.. well before I dyed it of course. Except we were polar opposites, I was closed off, I like being alone, and I worked better alone. He was the social butterfly of the family, always involved in his little school plays, he was in the Friendly Tree Club, some environmental program where they go around planting trees.
The reason he and I were taken from each other is still unknown, my parents never even told me why they placed us away from each other. Or why they just dumped us, we weren't in poverty and I knew my parents didn't owe money. I actually sent a letter to them, I know they moved to Texas, I just wanted to know why.. And when I'm eighteen the first thing I'm going to do is find my Grant.
Anyways, back onto my tale of despair. The four other girls I live with are Esmeralda Silva, Ruby Fitzgerald, Maricela Hernandez, and Emilia Ellsworth. Esme is seventeen, I think, Ruby is a bratty twelve year old, Maricela is also seventeen, and my favorite baby is Emilia.This morning Ms. Yancy announced at breakfast that we're getting a new girl. All we know is that her name is Nicole Sanders.
We're going to meet her during dinner in a couple of minutes, everyone is either in the Rec room hanging out while I'm in the safety of my room with Emilia. "Andy! Yancy wants us in the dining hall! The new chick is here!", Maricela shouted pounding on my door. I grunted back, fixing my outfit. A white plain tube top, a black cardigan over it, a white skirt with a black ribbon on it, and black pumps. Yancy said to dress formal for the new girl, and when Yancy tells you to do something, do it or she gets really pissy for the rest of the week.
I sluggishly made my way downstairs and into the dining hall, all the other girls were already seated. Standing next to Ms. Yancy was the new girl. She had on a band T shirt, black torn jeans, black converse, and her hair a deep blue color, looked slightly teased. The typical scene girl, I think. Ruby started scowling and glaring the girl.
Let me explain, Ruby is a little brat, if you don't fit into her category of what she calls normal you get bagged on for every little thing. I sighed, its gonna be a weird night alright. "Girls, this is our new family member! Introduce your self honey, then the rest of you introduce yourselves.", Ms. Yancy chirped.The girl stepped up and looked us all in the eye slowly, when her eyes landed me she smiled and I smiled back.
I think I might like her. "Well, my name is Nicole Sanders. I am 16 years old. I like bands, I love the color blue, I don't like sweets, I enjoy painting landscapes, photography, and reading. Any questions?"
Ruby smirked, hand shooting up. "Mhm", Nicole replied. "Are you one of those anti social freaks or a emo cutter like Andy!?", Ruby smirked pointing a finger in my face. Nicole frowned looking away. "Ruby! Go to your room now! I'll deal with you later!", Ms. Yancy growled. Ruby slammed her chair back and stormed back upstairs shouting about how unfair everyone was towards her.
"Continue introductions please.", Ms. Yancy snapped her finger at us. Esmeralda stood up smiling," My name is is Esmeralda Silva. I am 17 years old, and I love one direction! I'm a senior at Buena Park High School, I like going to the mall with my best friends, and I like reading magazines." Esmeralda smiled and sat down, motioning Maricela to stand.
"My name is Maricela Hernandez, I'm 17 years old, a senior at Buena Park High School, I like messing with people's minds, I love oldies music, I like to cause trouble, and I like the color blue.", She smiled at the scowling Ms. Yancy and sat down.I stood up slowly, my tummy churning in nervousness. I sighed taking a deep breathing,"My name is Andrea Renee Grace, I am 16 years old. I like music, I like working alone, I like reading, my favorite color is red and black, and I don't like being in huge crowds unless its for a concert." I finished up my little "speech" and plopped on my seat. Nicole was smiling at me, she's just like me.
Yeap, it's official I can get along with her. She's like me, a misfit, an outcast. The world is coming to an end! Ha, no. "Ok lovlies, let's enjoy our meal, then you girls can head to your rooms, Nicole you'll be rooming with Andrea because it seems you both have common interests.", Ms. Yancy ordered. Nicole nodded her head and started eating.
"Well enjoy your meal girls. I'm taking a plate to Ruby, since she's having issues with being nice.", Ms. Yancy stood up taking a plate and headed upstairs. Maricela kept eyeing Nicole strangely before she finally asked her question," Hey.. Nicole right?.. How'd you end up in foster care..?" Nicole's eyes watered, " Uhm.. I'd prefer to not talk about it yet.. Thanks." Maricela frowned and rolled her eyes, continuing with her meal. The rest of the hour consisted of eating, and Emilia fussing.
Introduction
There was shouting. Cursing.
This fight between my parents was serious. They fought once in a while, but it had never been as bad as it was now. It really worried me. I genuinely feared a divorce would happen.
My older sister, Rebecka, and I watched the fight through the cracks of our bedroom door. We couldn't afford to have separate rooms because we lived in the poor side of the country. Meanwhile on the other side, it was common to have 8 rooms in each house.
Those spoiled brats.
The two silhouettes depicted our parents, fighting to the point it scared me.
"I'm telling you, Gemma! You don't know how well paid the job is!"
"And I'm telling you it's too risky! We send our kids to school, they have friends! And now you're telling me we move north? How are we going to buy coats, a new home?"
"Listen to me, you stubborn b!tch, we'll figure out a way!"
I flinched when my dad cursed at my mom. I turned around, seizing Rebecka's arm. 6 years older than me, she gave me comfort from her presence. I pressed my face into her arm and choked back a sob.
"What's going to happen?" I asked her, barely making a sound to avoid being heard by my parents.
Her voice was low and comforting. "It'll all be ok, Eden. Nothing's going to happen." Turns out, she lied.
There was my super short intro! Please leave a vote, comment, and keep on reading on!
A/n: this is an unbelievable,but true account of the life changing experiences I've had with the people in my life. any similarities to your own life,movie scenes,and or other texts are mere coincidences,i'm not intentionally copying the work of others. now that that's out of the way,let's get started.
3rd grade: oces: ms. Searcy's class
I was sitting in class next to jearmy,the cutest boy in class. He wore a white T-shirt,a pair of jeans,and a pair of glasses rested over his eyes. His hair was a dark brown with honey glazed skin, twinkling brown eyes,and a sparkling smile. anyway I was sitting there munching on a jolly rancher and reading a book. He took out a thing of breath spray,sprayed it in his mouth,then asked me if I wanted some of it. I said "no,I've got a jolly rancher in my mouth", then he said "it tastes good with a jolly rancher",I gave him some weird look,and he sprayed it in my mouth. He was right,the combination of cherry flavored breath spray and a cherry jolly rancher did taste good.
Still 3rd grade: i was lying down in the nurse's office and I had red hives all over my face. Jearmy walks in for something or other "does it hurt?" He asked "no" I said "yes,it does." He teased me I rolled my eyes at him "no,it doesn't." I argued. He repeated the same words as before with a chirpy voice.
5th grade: I was sitting in car rider line with Adam, one of my friends waiting to be picked up. just as my car was about to pull up,he looked at me and said "you're pretty."
Still 5th grade: it was recess time and everyone was playing foursquare or jumping rope,well everyone that is except for me,Courtney, Courtney,Annie,Bethany,
Sara,Hayden,and luke. Courtney and I were chatting with each other, Courtney was wandering around with Annie and Bethany,Sara had settled herself into her own little space,and Hayden and luke were standing in front of the teachers' bench singing random songs. "Beaver 1,beaver 2,key largo Montagu come on pretty mama I wanna take you to Bermuda,Bahama!"
I was at a 70s themed dance,YMCA was playing, and there was huge circle of people at the edge of the room. Why are all these people just standing in a circle and screaming I wondered. I walked through the huge crowd of people towards the rowdy circle and peered into the center of it. Right there in the middle of the huge circle was none other than,Hayden,he was break dancing and the people in the circle were cheering him on. I stood there for a few moments watching him with amazement.
What if the night Elena met damon and her parents died on the bridge she was wearing vervain? What if she still remembered Damon? What will Damon do? Will he make her forget like he ment to do in the first place? Or will he love her like he thought he loved Katherine in 1864? In the end will there be a happy ending for Delena? Will they come out on top or will they crumble to the ground?
AJ's POV
I just sat there. Shaking, in the corner. Hiding from the world around me; my family; my friends; the WWE universe. I cant go out there. I don't know who's watching. It's to dangerous. Why did I decide to come back? I'm not stable enough. Everyone's right. I am crazy. And there's nothing I can do about it.
NOTE: THIS IS FAKE. IT IS A FANFIC. I OWN NO CHARACTERS IN THIS STORY. IT'S JUST MY WWE IMAGINATION.
Do not copy any part of this story. All rights reserved.
Hey so this is a fanfic for Hayes so if your a Hayes girl you may like it I'm not the best at writing stories you could go and read my imagines for Magcon or Justin so yeah keep reading if you like it it's in Casey's p.o.v most of the story. Hayes is older it just goes better with the whole story. Thanks for understanding!!!!
Not good with descriptions. Just read please :)
I only own the things that I made up.
Weasleys:
Arthur
Molly
Bill
Charlie
Percy
Fred and George
Ron
Ginny and Sapphire
Forgotten one= Sapphire
Dear Brett,
I really, really need your help. I found your ad in the paper (Who knew they even still made those!). I hope you don't mind I am sending you a letter instead of an email. My parents read my emails, and if they saw this- they would freak. I figured mail would be best.
Hi, my name is Casey. I go to a school for really smart kids- except for one problem. Half of us aren't smart. Crumberlin Private High School sure has everyone fooled.
I, unfortunately, am one of the ones who isn't smart. I fake my grades, cheat on worksheets, and you get the point right?
I really need some help out in the real world. I don't want to be like this forever. I mean, it has come to the point where someone has made up a fake report card and we can type in what we would like our grades to be and bam-you are smart!
If you agree, I will pay you $1,000 in cash. Please mail me back at this address. Just don't make the envelope all noticeable so my parents aren't tempted to look inside.
Sincerely,
Casey Carson
Two 18 year olds (Austin Moon & Ally Dawson) that hated each other and where complete opposites that were always yelling, screaming, and fighting with each other and they were partners for music. The only thing they had in common was there best friends (Trish De la rosa & Dez Worthy) and music. One day they had to write a love song for a concert and the only way they could do that is to spend time with each other and try to get alone to write a love song. They start hanging out and soon enough they start falling for each other!
This is my first fanfic of any kind so sorry if it is bad I will do more
S-seto
B-brice
A-author
Questions for seto
A what would you do if brice started kissing adam
S die
A what would you do if brice came in a dress *brice enters in a dress*
S *face palm* this *seto goes up to brice and hugs him* my little girl
A you see brice commit suicide
S commit suicide
A why do you love Bruce
S becuase he is HOT!!!! did I just say that out load
*brice and the author nod* *seto goes red*
A if you had to give up magic to save brice's life
S umm......well
B really
*seto runs out*
A ok Bruce your questions
B ok
A have you ever drawn fan art of you and seto
B are you kidding I have like 5000000000000 books of it
A what is seto's real name
*seto walks back in he hears the question and rips of the wall paper throughs knifes at the wall then break the computer fall on the floor and cry for a bit*
B it's jimmy he really hates it
*brice walks over to seto* it's ok
A what is seto's talent
B he is an amazing singer impersonator music and sorcery
A if seto dies what would you do
B die
A when's the weddings
B next week
Now questions for both of you
A what high breed would you be
B turtle
S dragon
Does anyone in team crafted
S no
B they will after this
S they are not seeing this
A seto what do you think of this *author kisses brice on the check*
S um *goes cry in a corner with a force field*
A seto have you ever fallen of something and what
S yes my bike bed couch car chair door don't ask wardrobe table brice's lap brice's back brice's shoulders boxes and much more
A Brice have you ever fallen off something
B yes same as seto just seto's lap shoulders and back
A why is seto so small and you so tall
B dunno
S sorcerers are small
A what is your fav thing about each other
S his voice
B how small he is but how smart he his
Hope you like it (word count 391)
Hi this is gonna be a small story buy if you really want me to make it bigger tell me NOW!!!!!
I've always done it you know,going there against my fathers wishes.He always says to me "you don't know what's in there stay out." But I go anyway it's the only place where I get away from it all, It's the only place I can let loose and be myself not what my father wants me to be.
My day starts as normal, I get up, get a shower and then get dressed.Then I take my school books downstairs and make sure I don't have any homework but if I do I always have it done before my father wakes up. I then grab something for breakfast and get my stuff together to catch the school bus.
School for me, a few months ago,was sheer bliss. I had friends who actually liked me, I was doing great in my classes,getting good grades and at the prom I was even crowned prom queen and my best friend Kay was crowned prom king. In my opinion  my life was going great.
Until they found my mothers body in the woods, my father no where to be seen and a lone 17 year old in a two bedroom house grieving. That day has lived with me forever
The cops accused my father of murder and alcohol abuse,which meant he was back in prison and I was alone.again. but the strange thing was this time I wasn't alon I had my aunt lily who I didn't even know existed "looked out for me " which meant move me away from everything I've ever know to america, the bad thing was she wouldn't tell me where so I fought against her and lost. Big time.
Moving to America meant joining a new school and as usual news about new students spreads like wildfire so as soon I step through the doors I am treated like I'm the one who murdered my mum. But on the bright side Kay calls, texts,emails and Skype's me he also visits me every two weeks. That's the good side though , the bad side is this one guy stares at me constantly, not one glance, then a double take but full fledged starting contest type stare, and when he's near me its like he becomes animalistic as I keep hearing growls but its probably my paranoia. For example last week in chemistry I was paired with a complete douchebag who messed about with the acid and spilled it all over the table including my arm and the bad thing was he laughed like a maniac, then I heard a low growl it was almost inaudible but after the growl the guy stopped laughing and muttered sorry and that was that. I mean freaky right ?
Anyway its been a few months since all hat happened and I'm currently in my aunts lounge waiting on my boyfriend Will. He's picking me up at 7 and its five to. I'm so nervous even though we've been on 2,000 dates. (OK I might be exaggerating but hey he likes to spoil me)
I had to wait until my father went to sleep (he got out of jail a month ago). My phone beeps  -I'm on my way nearly there XXX - Will. I text him back meet me outside ,you know the drill XXX -Callie. I smiled and looked over at my aunt lily. She walked over to the stairs and concentrated on the landing for a couple if seconds, she then looked back over at me a huge smile on her face. "Go ahead he's out for the count. But to be safe try to be home for 10:30 OK . Love you Cal be safe." I smile back "I promise auntie Lil love you too" and disappeared out the door.
As I waited on Will it got colder and colder and before long it was solo cold I could see my breath in little clouds. It was 7.15 when Will  showed up carrying a basket ,  smiling. He kissed me then held out his hand "shall we?" I smiled at him "let's go !" I grasped his hand and we started walking towards the woods.
My favourite place. We walked until we came to a clearing . We put the blanket down and Will took out the food . A couple hours later when the food was finished and cleared away we started walking back and as we rounded the corner , we stopped dead in our tracks. Will inched me behind him. The sight before us was terrifying, a man with blood red eyes was staring straight at me. He smiled and licked his lips "you'd make a nice meal" Will moved me right behind him. "You'll have to go through me first." The vampire gaze snapped to Will his red eyes widened with glee "with pleasure" and lunged at Will.
As they started fighting Will sustained deep gashes in his arms,legs and face and the vampire was now trying to strangle Will. I was a helpless,screaming, wreck and  as the vampire turned his focus to me Will used it to catch the vampire off guard and managed to grapple the vampire off him and into a nearby tree. Will turned to me "Callista , run,now !" I didn't want to but the look in his eyes made me go. I run like my life depends on it,which it kinda does. I really regret wearing dolly shoes as I'm running a keep slipping. I'm getting close to the border of the woods, a glimmer of hope sparks within me, and I lose that spark when I'm tackled to the ground. I do the only thing I do best. Scream. I take a deep breath and with all the strength in me I scream. I scream for Will. I scream for my mum. I scream for my life. I scream as the vampire's fangs got closer and closer to my throat. He froze for a millisecond before covering my mouth as I was still screaming. He smirked evilly  then he snarled at me. "Scream once more and I'll-" I heard another voice that held so much power the vampire was quivering. I also heard footsteps a lot of footsteps. " You'll do what exactly ?" The vampire's gaze snapped to the mystery voice. He then turned back to me. "This isn't over." He smirks then I feel a blending pain in my head. I cry out then I feel nothing. I see nothing. Everything is black.
As we sat aside the heated fireplace,
I began to gaze upon the sparkle in your eyes,
And It was at this moment I knew I had fallen in love with the wrong kind.
Everything was imperfectly perfect,
But my love for you was completely worth it.
I had known you felt the same,
But the fear of becoming an outcast left us a shame.
Growing up we were taught to love of those opposite,
But what if your heart leads you differently?
A single tear rolled down my cheek as I sat beside you holding you close,
Watching you watching me I knew this was meant to be.
Let's run away together, You & I,
Forget everything, Say a final goodbye,
If we are so to stay we will never be accepted,
People will make fun,
And we will be forced to run.
So let's run away together, You & I,
Are you willing to risk it all or are you too shy?
You and I are meant to be,
Unfortunately society would never see,
So please run away with me.
I hate the thing called hate!
It gets us no where!
Why hate when you can love?
Yes, why can't we all just love?
Balance, of course,
Even though it's not the greatest balance,
For it could destroy us!
Yes, balance is keen, though,
Keen, indeed,
It'll bid us apart or bring us together!
Either we change our ways or bring upon the destruction of this planet!
We may have survived this long,
But evolution has caused yet more narcissism and less empathy in the young!
I can see it,
I've read it!
This is our chance!
Why not take it?
We shall take it, man!
Oh, yes, we shall!
This is our call to arms,
Our wake up call,
Did you hear me?
Wake up!
Oh, wake up!
Can't you see it?
I ask you,
Join us!
We'll start a revolution!
Oh, we'll start a revolution!
Now is our time to raise our guns!
Come on, my brothers,
And take a stand with me!
For we shall fight for our revolution,
With open minds and open hearts!
This is who we are,
So stand up and fight!
We ain't gonna let no one bring us down!
No, the future is in our hands!
Fight with us!
The world, it can be such a loving place,
Why can't we all die of natural causes?
There ain't gotta be bloodshed!
No, more we cry!
No more, no, no, no, no!
there was a girl whose name was jenny. she lived in an American old house. her mother died a month ago. her father said that he wanted to travel to England.firstly, because of his work.secondly, to move to a new and beautiful house instead of their old house.her father told her that he won't come back to America.Jenny's father asked Jenny if she wants to go with him, but she said that she doesn't want to leave America. she didn't want to leave her friends.Her father told her that could come at week ends and on holidays, he would ask for that first. When they reached the new house it was clean and beautiful.While Jenny was playing near the kitchen , she was tired and wanted to relax.she sat on the floor and put her head back on a wall near the kitchen. Her head hit a brick on the wall. Then she looked at the place of the brick and suddenly a door appeared she tried to open it , but it was locked. she decided to ask her father if he had the key of the door. She went to her father and told him the story. He told her that she had a great imagination and that he didn't have time to help her in her adventure. Then he laughed and gave her a bunch of keys and told her that he can help her with those (the keys). She took the keys and went back back to the door. She kept trying the keys on the door , but it didn't open.She tried about 100 keys. " now it's the key 101, I hope it opens the door"she said.Finally, it was the key. Jenny was relieved.When she opened the door, was amazed and scared at the same time, but what did she see ?????!!!!
-------------------
thanks for reading and we are sorry for any grammar or spelling mistake wait for the next chapter  under the name (the world of magic)
written by :  Mariam and Mayar (me and my friend)
Hi I'm Jasmine and this is Becky. Becky is 14 with long black curly hair, with bright blue kimeyes who wore red Converse. Me on the other hand was 13 with long blond hair with green eyes and I'm a small skiny girl. We've known each other since 4th grade and were friends ever since.
It's the first day of school, and I decided to call Becky and asked if she was ready for 9th grade. After a long pause Becky replied " ya I guess so, " by then we both were ready. We met up at the bus stop which was at the park which just so happened to be a couple minutes away. We talked about the latest drama while we waited for the bus to arrive. When the bus finally came Becky fell asleep a cupple minutes in the drive and next thing I knew we were on school campus and I was trying to wake her up.
" Becky, Becky wake up! ", I yelled as I was shaking her. Then the bus stoped and Becky was still asleep. There was good news and bad news.The good news was I was able to get Becky up but the bad news was the way I got becky up. Well she was all soaked and I was out of water and that means I'm stuck with school water. Gross!!!
As we walked on campus we showd the teachers our ids, like what we always have to do. I can tell Becky was mad at me, she was five feet in front of me. She got all kinds of stares wich made me feel guilty. If only she woke up when I trided to waker her up. That made feel less guilty because that was her falut for not waking up. As I wallked to the cafeteria I noticed that Becky was getting embarrassed because she was soaked in the front of her and people keept staring, wispering, and laughing at her.
I had math for first hour with Becky.It was so long and Becky was still mad at me, she decided to sit on the opposite side of the room from me. After class we separated and I went to my next hour ,PE, I hate PE. Pe seamed to drag on. Then I had LUNCH!! As I got my lunch I saw Becky was in different clothes and she was giving me the evil eye. I sat down and said "hi" and then out of no where she became happy and replyed "hey Jaz," I think she is bipolar. (Oh ya jaz is my nickname.)
The rest of the day went by fast. After school we waited for the bus to arive.
When we got home we decided to ditch our homework and go to the park in stead. We would do our homework latter. I suggested that we take our bikes, so Becky agreed. Her bike was red with black and mine was dark blue(almost like a navy blue) with a mix of light blue.
"Hey Becky do you see that van?" I said getting a little scared."Ya why?"she asked."Well I think it's following us." Im not not good of scary things."No. Jasmine you getting all worked up over nothing," she said, but i could tell she was scared to.
As we made to the park the van left and let out a sigh of relief. That van started to get on my nerves. Me and Becky decided to sit on the swings and talk. We talked about what we are thinking to do for summer, even though it was the first day if school. We like to be a head of stuff. We decided to go swimming and play sports ect........
After our discussion we sat in silence staring at the clouds. Im lost in my thoughts when some sexy looking guy comes from out of the blue and pulls me out of my thoughts. He looked like a gift from the gods. He had jet black hair, he was tall, muscular, tan, with amazing brown eyes.
We just stared into each others eyes when I herd "hmh hmh cough cough hello!?" by Becky sound anoyed. To me it looked like she liked him to, but I call him he's MINE................
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~First book i made hope you liked it!!!!!!
I've never wanted to be different. I've never wanted to stick out. But then again, who does?
I've always understood that. I seem to always hear others complain about how they were different by their looks, names, hobbies, music tastes, families, styles, sexuality, etc...
Sometimes I sympathize them, feeling their pain. Other times I want to yell at them. For one thing, no one could ever be more different than me. (But that's what they all say, right?) Sometimes I think they should suck it up, they aren't that different. But then I think that they should embrace their differences, despite what others may think.
Either way, being different is unexpected for almost anyone. Isn't it?
It's one thing to have bright red hair. No, I don't mean the orange color that 'gingers' have. I mean freakin' red hair. Like Micky Mouse's pants. Of course it darkens at the roots. It almost looks like Portugal's soccer team's uniforms.
It's one thing to be gay. Especially in a Catholic family. And with our new found society.
It's one thing to be adopted. I've never found it bothersome, but nonetheless different.
It's entirely another thing to be an ass-kicking-crime-fighting-citizen-saving superhero.
Put all of these different ingredients together in a bowl and mix them at high speed, cook at 98.6° fherinhite for nine months, and whala! You get one smokin' hot Collin Ravok. Also known as me! Serves eight people, perfect for small get togethers. (That is, if you want a cocky bastard at your little get together.)
Please, don't stop reading now. I mean, you've passed probably the weirdest part of my story. Maybe not, I won't spoil things for ya. But the story is just about to get good.
I'll shut up now and let you read my life story. Don't worry, it's not tediously boring like some of yours' are.
-------------------------------------
October 13th, 2025, St. Louis, MO.
-------------------------------------
"...now take the width and times it by the height, and once your done with that, times it by the length," my best friend, Valentina said. I couldn't help it, I had to correct her, even though she was tutoring me in math.
"Multiply," I said.
"Yeah, that's what I said to do. So times 24.67 by 15.12 and-"
"Not times, dearest Valy. You multiply them," I said.
"Oh shut up! You tutor me tomorrow for English!" she said. I rolled my eyes while she glared at me.
"Whatever. Just finish helping me with math and we can go get Lion's Choice if you like. I just can't afford to fail like last year," I said. Valentina nodded in agreement, and we were back to work for the next half hour
Math is a weird subject for me. I can't ever focus in that class, not with him in it. Whether it's his focused gaze on the board or his graceful pencil movements while taking notes, it always caught my eye. The electricity in me always goes haywire. I'm not bad at math, not really. In fact I'm extremely smart when it comes to math. Again, I just can't ever focus, so I don't don't get any of the notes and have no idea what to do. Good thing I'm a fast learner with the help of Valentina. I tried switching classes, but there were no other classes that taught calculus to sophmores. I should have gone to the twelfth grade class, but the school refuses to switch me with no real reason. I can't just say, 'I'm totally in love with my seat mate and I can't focus,' that would be unreasonable.
Like promised, Valentina and I made our way to Lion's Choice. Valentina had sprinted ahead of me the moment she stepped out of my red Honda Accord. My parents gave it to me just a week ago, thinking the red color was a cute and funny gesture, when I really had hated it. But a car is a car, and I won't complain because of the stupid color.
Valentina's short dark brown hair bounced ahead of me, while my red quiff blew violently in the cold October wind. I was grateful for wearing a blue vintage hoodie today, and black skinny jeans. Most men don't dare wear skinny jeans, that style was for the days when we had a sliver of equality.
I jogged inside, still wanting to get out of the cold, bitter air. Immediately the smell of fried food infiltrated my nostrils. Valentina was already paying for her food at the counter when another lady had kindly asked what I wanted to eat.
Five minutes later I was sitting down at a small table with Valentina, putting a pulled pork sandwich in my mouth. Valentina started talking to me with her mouth full.
"Mah mahm said that oo should trah aht for the school play," she said, swallowing and wiping her chin with a napkin. This time with her mouth empty, she spoke again. "They really need someone to play Mercutio."
"First of all, don't talk with your mouth full, Valy. Second, I told you. I'm not interested in acting. I have enough on my hands with Coach Elow's soccer practices," I said. Valentina groaned.
"Stupid Uncle. I need to tell him to move your practices so you can do drama club with me," she said, pouting like a kid. My coach, Shane Elow, is Valentina's uncle. She occasionally, and I mean once a week, comes to visit him during practices since she's his 'favorite niece'. Normally he makes us do abs for the rest of that practice, so thanks to her I have a six pack.
"Please don't. I like not being in drama club, no offense," I said. Valentina shrugged and sipped on a cherry coke.
"What are you doing on Friday?" she asked.
Saving this damn city just like every other night, I thought. But she didn't need to know that. "Visiting my grandpa. Like most Friday nights, if I don't have a soccer game," I answered instead.
"Figures. I was really hoping that you could come with me to Iowa to see Angel," she said. Angel is her dad's fiance of eleven years. Finn popped the question a long time ago but there were difficulties of distance.  She'll move in eventually. So they aren't married yet, but will be in a few years hopefully.
"Sorry, I can't. My grandpa has only so many years... so yeah," I said. More like my grandpa had years. He died a while ago. We weren't really close, but I was still sad.
When we finished our food we went inside my car. I was still giddy about it, despite the color. I turned sixteen a month ago, September 12th. Valentina would be stuck riding in my car for less than a month, since her birthday is November 5th.
"Drop me off pronto, Collin. My mom is barking at me over skelaphone to come home and help Ali move out," Valentina ordered. I fired up the engine and started driving to her mom's condo. Irma, Valentina's mom, was a Mexican lady who always made the best pancakes, and well, whatever really. Valentina's older sisters, Alicia and Isabelle, lived with her. well, as of today it's just Isabelle and Valy. Alicia played soccer for SLU college and graduated with a bachelor's degree and majored in nursing, so it was time for her to move out. I played a lot of 1v1s against her, so it was a sad departure for me too.
"Tell Alicia that I said to not miss me too much," I called as Valentina hopped out of my car. Valentina nodded and ran inside her house. I pulled away and drove back to my house.
The thing I mentioned earlier? Skelaphone? You people might not know this, but back in 2020 we developed a... system, if you will. Relationships with parents became more crucial after 2016 when teenagers realized that being dicks to parents was a bad idea since they helped you out with a lot of things. So when parents and kids got closer, kidnappers asking for ransom raised significantly. The government came up with an idea. Implanting a chip in your brain that allows you to communicate with your parents with just a thought was invented. It's only between kids and their parents, but the government has connection with everyone. It's almost like a 911, but faster and quieter. If you were in a situation where you couldn't talk, it would only take a thought to tell your parents that you were in trouble. From there they contact the government (only parents can do this) and the government tracks you with the chip. And as for kids with def parents, it isn't a hearing thing. It literally transfers the thoughts. You can be woken up by it too, which makes for an annoying alarm clock. Most parents and kids use it for everyday use. And the name is extremely uncreative.
Like right now, my mom, Gina, was bugging me. Get home soon, Collin. We need to talk.
Shit, I thought. Not so she can hear it. Be there soon, Mom. I said. Two minutes later I pulled into our driveway. I walked inside my small home, my mom standing in the living room impatiently with my dad.
"Son, we need to talk," my dad said. He was a short man with a beer belly and looked like a balding Mario with glasses. His mustache moved with his lips, always making me want to laugh. I never did though.
"Yeah, I imagined that with the looks you guys are giving me," I said.
"Listen. We know you are very dedicated to your role in the play. But we think practice every night is a little out of hand. Especially the late hours. I mean, there are times when you come home at midnight. We think... you need to drop your role. Don't they have an under... under... understudy? They should have one for you," my dad said.
"No! I can't! I don't have an understudy, my part isn't large enough for there to be one. I play Mercutio. And I need to memorize all of my lines for the play in December. It's already October and I still need to ask for my line in my first scene," I protested.
"Honey, we don't even know when the play is. Won't we be able to see it?" my mom asked. To go with my dad's Mario like features, my mom was like a Princess Peach. She's tall, has long blonde hair, and blue sparkling eyes. It was our family joke that they were the cartoon couple.
"December 19th, Mom. Please. Don't make me quit. I love playing the part. My friend group has expanded from just the soccer team too," I said. "If you make me quit I'll lose all of them. Some are in other grades, some I have no classes with."
My mom sighed. "Fine. But I want to see you in that play, and I want you to spend your evenings at least twice a week in this home, or at a friends, or anywhere else other than practice for the play. Deal?"
"Deal," I agreed. "Starting tomorrow!" I yelled while running to my room. I shut my door before I could here any other protest.
My room has been Marvel themed for as long as I could remember. My comforter looks like the inside of a comic book, I have posters of the first addition comic books for Spiderman, Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Fantastic Four, and my queen, Storm (this isn't a comic book cover, just a poster of her). I used to ogle at my walls as my role models looked at me. I would sit in a set of pajamas themed of one of them and dream what it was like to be in their spots, saving the world and locking up the bad guys, and of course having superpowers. (Yes, I had a DC Comics phase in middle school.)
A little destined to be a superhero? Maybe. I don't even think I ever lost hope after third grade like most kids do. I was a mere dreamer, and then one day opportunity knocked on my door.
*Flashback*
Valentina had just left school on the bus, while I walked home. I always walked home, even in the rain. That day, for example, it was slightly drizzling with thunder rumbling in the distance, destined to come soon. Puddles were already formed. While walking down the cracked sidewalk, I jumped in the little puddles. I was about to hop into another when my eyes saw dark black boots at the edge of the next puddle. I looked up.
A lady wearing a blue tight fitting suit stood in front of me. Immediately I thought of Invisible Woman. Her red hair, the normal kind, was in a tight twisted bun. Her green eyes were as unwelcoming as a dead forest.
"'scuse me," I said politely, my voice like an innocent child. I was for the most part.
When the lady didn't move, I wasn't sure what to do. Aren't people supposed to move when you say 'excuse me'? I tried moving around her, but you can't just move around a pile of poisonous snakes, or swim around around shark.
"What is your name," the lady said, a heavy Russian accent carried in her voice. She squared down to my level, cutting her towering height in half. Thunder and lightning started coming more often, and rain poured harder. I pulled the hood of my spiderman jacket over my spiky red hair.
"Whyyyy?" I asked, oblivious to the tension.
"Do you not trust me?" she asked, as if I were her best friend.
"Well no... not really, Miss."
"My name is Gloria, not 'Miss'. I've told you my name, now what is yours? I know you aren't some Trevor McGee," she said. Her eyes drew back a little back, leaving a little more room for curiosity. Thunder and lightning started to grow louder, bigger and brighter. I could barely see through the gray rain.
"Well my name is Collin!" I said, more excitedly. "Collin Ravok, can we be friends miss Gloria?"
Something in her eyes after I said that told me that 'friends' was a foreign word to her. "Collin Ravok," she breathed. "I don't know, young boy. Can we?" Gloria held out her hand. Dismissing the look in her eyes, I took it and shook her hand a little violently from excitement. When I tried pulling away from her iron grip, I barely moved.
"Collin Ravok, I hope you survive this," she said. I had no time to comprehend what she said. A millisecond probably passed, then it happened.
Lightning struck me right in the heart, making me arch my back. I had no idea that Gloria's hand was still connected with mine, and I didn't notice that her laughter wasn't like thunder, it was thunder.
The lightning was changing different colors. Black to green to orange to white to pink and so on. The lightning was endless, and my chest seemed to be sucking it inside me like a vacuum. Excruciating pain spread through me as... as fast as lightning. Like trillions of needles, white hot at the tips, poked me repeatedly everywhere.
*End flashback*
I closed my eyes as I felt the electricity move around inside of me, like millions of never-settling snakes. I opened my closet door which I was now standing in front of. (Cue the suspense-building music.)
Behind my hoodies, polo shirts, dress pants, dress shirts, stood my very own superhero outfit. Built in shoes, mask, tight tights, everything it should have. No capes, I wasn't that cliché. I felt the now familiar fabric in my hands, slightly rough on the outside but soft as silk on the inside. The black fabric held a lot of adventures, intertwined with my blood, sweat, and tears. Thin red lines ran everywhere on the suit. They were never still when I wore it, just like the bolts inside me. I slowly put my suit on, welcoming the excitement it gave me. Finally when all I had to put on was my mask, I looked in the mirror. All my muscles more defined, my suit looked good on me. I put on my mask, the black swallowing my head. My vision was now enhanced by the red tinted eye protection.
Yeah, I'm different. And it beats your different anyday. But this is who I am, and I embrace that.
I am a superhero. I am a superqueer. I am a superfreak. I am a superadoptee.
And I am the best person at being all of these super things.
Dear Kim Jongin,                     April 20, 2010
Jongin,  it's have been a while since I seen you.
Maybe because I'm jealous of you and Taemin hanging out too much?
I think being friends isn't easy.
It's my first day writing in this journal. I'm making many friends here,  but I have to go to school.
My school friends think I'm weird.  I became quieter than I was before.
Mikyung is a nice girl, and I think I'm falling in love with
Goodnight,  Jongin.
Click.
I hold my breath, looking at my target to see if it had heard me. The black wolf sniffs, flicks its ears, then sits down, seemingly not to have heard when I clicked the silver bullet in the chamber.
I raise the handgun, taking aim at the spot right between the wolf's ears and fire.
Apparently the silencer isn't silent enough for the monster, as it recognizes the noise and ducks. I curse, clicking another bullet into the chamber, then firing.
The wolf howls, a low, keening wail, almost like a cry for help. Then it falls onto the forest floor and stops breathing.
I rise, smirking, and turn to start tracking another when five or six howls answer the first.
Holy crap.
I begin to run, thinking that they weren't that close, when I almost literally run over one of the mutts, it's black eyes dark and cold.
It snarls at me, and five or six more surround me. I turn in a circle, backing up to a tree that's right behind me, then fire at one of the wolves.
It whimpers, staggering around before slumping over, and another whines, prodding it with it's paw. Those two were most likely mates.
The mate of the fallen wolf, a golden she wolf that looks peeved beyond belief, stalks towards me, giving me a harsh growl. I return with a sharp bark of laughter, clicking another bullet into the chamber.
"I'm not afraid of you, mutt." I snarl, backing away, then I turn on my heel, taking off through the darkening forest.
My feet thump the ground quickly, all the training I've been taught over the years kicking in, and I glance behind me, noticing the wolves gaining.
I keep running, digging around inside for a last reserve of energy, but I've been tracking wolves all day, and this run is tiring me quickly.
If this had occurred early this morning, I'd be able to make it back to the outskirts of the Wall, which is the only safe place on this planet. I hear one of them stop, then howl. I frown, wondering if its calling reinforcements or-
My thoughts are interrupted by loud howl from close by, holding a great deal of power.
Alpha. Crap. I'm as good as dead. I bring my pistol up to my face, inspecting the number of bullets I have left and swearing. I only have two. Not enough to stop an Alpha. I run faster, more adrenaline fueling my dwindling energy source, my breath coming in gasps.
I hear a loud bark, one that holds much power, and want to swear but I don't have the breath. The Alpha has caught up.
I see a clearing in the distance and grin, going even faster, but then the clearing drops off and I skid to a stop, almost toppling forward.
I am trapped on the edge of a cliff. I turn, looking at the advancing werewolves, and I walk a bit away from the edge. No death wish here. The wolves advance, a huge sandy colored wolf with black eyes pushing forward, sniffing then stopping.
I don't move, barely breathing, as the Alpha falls to the ground and starts to writhe. I grimace, hearing the bones pop and seeing the fur recede. When he stands, towering over my small 5'4 frame, I meet his hazel eyed gaze head on.
"You'll be coming back with us." His deep voice echoes off the trees, and tingles run up and down my skin, but I ignore them.
I cock my head, listening closely, then smirk.
"I'd rather die." I say coldly, then turn to jump off the cliff and into the river I'd heard below.
Except, I don't get that far. The Alpha moves with amazing speed, grabbing me round the waist and pulling me to him, growling.
"I said you're coming back with us." He snarls, and I elbow him in the stomach.
"And I said I'd rather die!" I stomp on his foot, which happened to be bare and not go well with the heel of my boot, and he yelps and lets go of me.
I run to the cliff, and am about to throw myself off it when someone grabs me from behind and throws me to the ground, and I groan as my head bounces off the hard packed dirt.
"I said you're coming back with us." That's the last thing I hear before drifting unconscious. •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••Ehhh not the best an not that long but it's still something. Enjoy!Allie
(picture of Lyssa on the side hopefully I just now found out how to even do this because I'm so stoo[id)
"I wish the world would just leave us alone."
original story and its fUCKING COPYRIGHTED BITCHES SO IF YOU FUCKIG STEAL THIS I WILL FUCKING SHAVE YOU AND SKIN YOU AND HANG YOUR SKIN ON YOUR BEDROOM WALL BYE
Now, my dad has given me gifts before. The little salt water spring, the sand doller, cake on my birthday, that sort of thing. But when I saw the doll house, I thought he'd lost it.
All those other gifts are understandable. Some I didn't get right away, but proved to be most helpful later. But why would he give me a doll house?
I quickly took it inside from the porch. Already a thought was forming in the back of my mind. "Why didn't he leave it on my dresser, or give it to me in person like all those times before? But I ignored it.
I set it down on the floor by my bed. Tyson wasn't here, so he couldn't laugh. I accually think he'd loved a doll house. I picked up the card and read it. Panick sarted running through my mind. The note said:
Dear Percy,Please take this doll house and find it's use for me. It could be important. -Poseidon
See? No, I guess you don't because your not seeing the real letter. Well, it wasn't my dad's hand writting. It only looked like it, but I knew otherwise. I knew my dad's hand writting. It smelled like the ocean. It may seem weird but, honestly it wasn't.
I needed to talk to Annabeth right away. But curiosity got the best of me, so I opened to doll house. There was nothing exept a table on the second floor. I picked it up. It was attached to the floor by a string. I pulled the string.
Bad idea. A bright light flashed, and then one by one the things in my room started shrinking. I watched in horror as all my stuff turned into the size of doll house furniture. Then the cabin started shrinking, and I ran for the door, thankfully before it was too small. I carried the doll house in my hands.
Unfortunally, Annabeth was right outside my door. The cabin stoped shrinking when it was the size of the doll house I held.
Before Annabeth could speak, I said, "It's cursed, Annabeth, I opened it, it was from the enime, the hand writting smells like pizza, and crap your getting smaller too!" It was true. She was now up to my waist, and I watched in horror as she shrunk to seven inches tall.
I looked up. The whole camp had shrunk, all of it except me.
I will try to write a chapter every week so keep reading ! :)
The dentist smiled mischievously as he pulled my braces off taking all my teeth with them. I screamed in pain while blood gushed out if my mouth leaving a puddle on the floor. The dentist laughed an evil laugh.
I woke with a start with beads of sweat on my forehead. Gasping, I reached up to my brace face mouth to check if my teeth were still there. I sighed a sigh of relief. Suddenly my mom yelled," Get down here right now! You will be late for the bus! " Staring wide eyed at the time, I jumped out of bed,raked through my hair with my fingers, and changed into a hot pink tanktop and white shorts.I grabbed my backpack and ran out of the bedroom door. As soon as I was downstairs, Mom threw a banana onto the counter. Grabbing it, I layed a kiss on my mom's cheek and dashed out the door to catch up with Julie, my bestie.
"The dentist smiled as he pulled my braces off taking all my teeth with them and like, there was blood everywhere. "I said to Julie during lunch break.She shivered as she shoveled Jello into her mouth. Then she said," I think you're overreacting the braces thing . Just smile at everyone and at every opportunity and you'll be fine. " Easy for you to say. You're not the one with the brace face. I thought.But I smiled at her anyway.
I tried to smile like Julie said but everyone stared at me like I was a smiling freak, so I slipped a note into her locker saying, Meet me after school at my place. Plan A is definitely not working. So she walked home with me after school to my house discussing options how I was going to get rid of my thoughts of "the violent dentist ". I mean , if you were victim of a dentist who "accidentally" pulled your tooth out( a perfectly good adult tooth by the way). Wouldn't you be a little scared to go back to him again?Yeah, you heard me. HE PULLED IT OUT!!!while "cleaning" my teeth. That man ...a terrible liar. So anyway, none of the options really helped. Well except one that really , really , just ruined it.
~ No One's POV ~
It's now around the end of May and Sophia is 15 years old now. Her hair has faded back to its natural color and a light scar has been left on her left cheek leaving evidence from her past. Sophia never told anyone about the note and necklace she reseaved that night. You ask why? Because the next morning her window was steamed over and someone wrote:
'Safer to Keep Then It Is to Speak'
Sophia took that as a warning and never told anyone. She hasn't spoke much about the kidnapping besides what she told Molly and Danny. She has told Molly a little about Jason and Beck's sweet side. Only while nobody else was around tho.
Sophia refused to show up the day Jason and Beck were sentenced at court. She told her father she wanted nothing to do with them. She also told him she didn't have anything against the boys and she didn't care if they didn't get sentenced for kidnapping.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
I bet your wondering what happened to Jason and Beck, right? Well they went to trial and Jason was set under three murders leaving him with 3 years to serve. They would have gave him a lot more but all those people were under the wanted list. The boys also won the kidnapping trail that Nick and Sophia's Dad, Chad, tried to file them for.
Beck, he got the easy road and is on probation for a year. Jason took all the blame so Beck wouldn't be in jail. But why would Jason do that? Well I can't answer that question at the moment because you have to read on to see.
Jason and Beck were flown over to Illinois after they stayed at one of the stations in Alaska after getting caught. Jason's now at the the county jail. While Beck is living in an apartment til he's off probation.
~~~~~~~~~
Nick and Chad are pissed off that they didn't win the case. Chad grounded his daughter, Sophia, for making them loose the trial. Although Sophia didn't care because when she heard that her father lost the trail, she was happy. You may think she's crazy but wouldn't you if your dad went behind your back and snooped through all your things. Luckly Sophia hid the ipod, laptop and clothes she took from Jason and Beck. She was stuck in the same house as a most wanted criminal and some of the sneakyness wore off on her.
Ever since the trial Sophia has became distance from a lot of people. The only people she mainly talks to are her 2 brothers, and a few of her friends.
Every once in a while Sophia thinks back to what Jason said about her father, wondering if he was telling the truth. She has snooped around the house a bit while no one was looking... but she still hasn't found answers.
Mikor Alisa Petterson egy nagy elhatározásra jutott,miszerint itt hagyja otthonát az egyetemista évek miatt, egy igen szívszorító múlttól szakadt el. 16 éves kora óta furcsa álmok gyötrik egy igen sármos srácról,akit egyáltalán nem ismer,de minden éjjel visszatér kísérteni őt álmában. Viszont fogalma sincs arról,hogy az álmoknak jelentősége van. Mik később igen erősen jelentkeznek. Ha ez még nem lenne elég neki. Egyetemi szobatársa kicsapongó életet él. Mi néha jó,de néha rossz. De mi van akkor ha az álmok valósággá válnak és kiderül a titokzatos idegen honléte?? A dolgok a feje tetejére állnak. S nem várt dolgok következnek, amiket emberi ésszel fel sem lehetne fogni .
"SZENVEDÉLY."
"BIZALOM."
"SZERELEM."
"ÁRULÁS."
We were walking to class, he was walking next to me. I couldn't stop looking over my shoulder; maybe he was looking at me too.
After school I heard him call: "Leanne, I need to tell you something." I turned around, there he was. We both took a step back from ourselves, I was turning red; I could feel it.
"Should I say something" I thought to myself. Soon he broke the silience, he studdered, "C-can I ask you something?" I nodded.
"I--" "LEANNE HURRY UP!!!" Oh no... It was my best friend, Nel, yelling and waving at me. I had to go, after all Nel was my ride home.
I wish I didn't leave. Now I have to wait until tomorrow, which means new classes. Our school has been under construction and now we have to move in to the temporary classrooms. New rooms.
Legolas, Tauriel, Middle Earth and all related characters and themes are property of J. R. R. Tolkien and The Hobbit franchise. Any use of original characters grants the author exclusive rights and the character should not be used without prior consent from the author.
Long ago, before the Battle of Five Armies had been fought, before the quest to reclaim Erebor had even begun to form, the realm of the great elven king was a peaceful and prosperous place. It was ruled, as all in Middle Earth know, by Thranduil: a generous and powerful wood elf. His friendship with Lord Elrond, and the province of Rivendell, was (at that time) a strong and well known alliance. The wood elves had grown a trust and respect for the elves and elf friends who abided in Rivendell and the feeling was felt throughout the lands.
As the days of plenty grew longer, Thranduil's only son, Legolas, was trained according to custom, and sent to work with the guard to learn to protect his kingdom. He excelled physically, becoming a fierce warrior and was named the official heir by his proud father, stepping into his birthright with flying colors.
The once rare spider sightings were becoming increasingly common, though their numbers were nothing compared to when Thorin and his company first stumbled into Mirkwood quite by accident (and an attack of the deadly creatures). Legolas was quickly moved into an elite group of warriors, led by Tauriel, who's chief purpose was to drive the spiders back, banishing them from Mirkwood permanently. This plan of action was taken under the counsel of Lord Elrond and carried out by the powerful Thranduil. But as the years dragged on, a tension could be felt coming over the whole of middle earth. A dark shadow seemed to fall upon the hearts of the inhabitants of Mirkwood, as the evil within the forest grew stronger. Thranduil began to feel uneasy and wished to form an official treaty to bind the two groups. Thus, he elected to send his son, along with the help of Tauriel, to journey to Rivendell and seek the counsel of Elrond and seek his help, in the form of a binding agreement, should harm ever befall Mirkwood...
Carl and I were the only ones left. Everyone else either died off or turned. We had to use a lot of bullets. They even got little a**kicker.
We were low on supplies so, we decided to loot up at a nearby neighborhood. We arrived at the first house and Carl bust down the door.
'Ladies first." he said.
"You're too kind." I said sarcastically.
I went in and got my knife read. Carl followed behind while holding his pistol. We made our way to the kitchen. I searched the cabinets and drawers, while he watched the door. After we were done with the kitchen, we headed upstairs to look around.
We went into the first room we saw. It was most likely the parents room. When we got inside I closed the door, so nothing could get in. After I closed the door, we began to relax a bit. I sat down on the bed and he sat down on a chair that was against the wall. We barely have time for this. We're always on the run. When we do have these moments, I cherish every bit of it.
"Come on," he said while getting to his feet. "We have to finish looking around"
"Fine." I said with a sigh while getting up.
Carl started to look through the dresser. I started to look under the bed. I found this really old watch. I turned to Carl to show him.
"Hey, look at this." I said.
He started to walk towards me to look at the watch. On his way over he tripped over a box. He fell on top of me and we both fell on the bed.
He was hovering over me, staring deep into my eyes. Our lips were so close together, just about an inch apart. Soon Carl began to close the gap. I met him half way and we completely closed it. He gave me a sweet, passionate kiss. The kiss soon became heated. His hand moved from my waist to my thigh, as my hands got tangled into his hair.
I started to tug at the hem of his shirt, but before the kiss could go any farther. We heard heavy foot steps and loud groaning down stairs. He broke the kiss with a sigh.
"I guess we forgot to close the door." I said with a shy smile.
"Yeah, too bad." he said with a smirk.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thank you for reading, it really means a lot!
Next chapter will be up tomorrow!!
Ok, byyyyeeee!!!!
"We're just teenagers" she said as eyed her friends.
"That's the point we are teenagers. Let's live a little babe." The boy with now lilac hair said. "Come on guys, one day we are gonna look back on this day and be like oh I remember when we did that or maybe you'll say hey I wished I did that."
"For once the idiot is right" the blonde headed girl said. "Let's do something fun, awesome, just not anything stupid."
"Well that's what teenagers are all about these days right? Doing stupid fun things" the hazel eyed boy said.
"I'm in"
Everyone agreed except for one.
"I don't know guys my dad-"
"That's enough, you're either going to have a story to tell tonight or not"
She took a moment and looked around. She finally saying "alright let's do this."
~~~~~~~~~~
Soooooo hiiii new book
Hope you enjoy
Don't forget to vote it would mean a lot
To me!!! Thanks
hey guys I'm kinda new to this so if I make any mistakes feel free to tell me, just please no hate
***********************************************************
*kaylee's POV*
"Kaylee get up and get ready to school" mom shouted.
"First day of school, ew "i whispered
I got up and showered, brushed/dried my hair and then curled it cause why not 💁 did some light eyeshadow then did my eyeliner/mascara.
"HURRY YOUR BUTT UP OR IM NOT GOING TO TAKE YOU TO SCHOOL KID" said her brother.
"IM COMING JOSH, CALM YO TITS" i yelled running down the stairs in black leggings, a lover not a fighter black and white crop, and red/white/black flannel around my waist, and red converse.
I grabbed my american flag backpack and headed off to school.
"If u have any problems at, school text me" said josh.
"Ok josh" I said rolling my eyes "I will" I said.
"Promise" he said looking me straight in the eyes.
"Yes I promise" I said hugging him and getting out of his truck.
"BYYYYEEEEEEE" he yelled in a typical white girl voice. I gave him the stop or I will murder you look and he just drove away.
*hayes POV*
"HEY BABE" I said as I ran up to my girlfriend Lexi
"Babe, don't wrinkle my shirt!" said Lexi and I was hugging her.
"oh...sorry" I said, looking down at the ground.
" you better be because this is 90% silk" Lexi said while rolling her eyes.
My friends were watching the hole thing and looked at me, I just shrugged not knowing what to say.
"HAYES, there is that one girl kaylee" said my friend Eli.
"Oh, that girl you have been crushing on" I said really loudly nudging him laughing. he just gave me a are you kidding me look.
"go talk to her man" I said pointing at her and she saw me, oops.
*kaylee POV*
I walked into school to see the most popular guy in school point at me, Hayes Freaking Grier. I dident know what to say so I just walked away.
"Hey" somebody said as I felt a pull on my arm. I turned a raining to see Eli, hayes's best friend.
"Um...hi?" I said nervously, this is the first time one of the cool kids ever talked to me other than Lexi making fun of the way I look or when she would call me a wanna be YouTube or something **(btw kaylee is a youtuber)**
"What's up?" said Eli.
"Um, just walking to class...I guess" I said.
"Oh, really let me see your schedule to see if we have any of the same classes" he said grabbing for my schedule in my hands.
"Okaaayyy?" I said nervously handing him my schedule.
"Hey! We have all the same classes except 2nd and 6th" he said excitedly handing back my schedule.
"Cool so does that mean you walking me to class?" I giggled a little and then the bell rang.
"Let's go then" he said laughing and grabbing my hand.
☻ HEY GUYS JUST STARTING WRITING AND IDK WHAT ELSE TO DO ☻
Feel free to send me ideas and follow me on insta @kaylee_desarae_ my kik and twitter are the same username...so yeah
I will try to update every other day or when this gets 5 views!
Hey Gees. My name is Miylah Willis 17 years old. I  am currently living in London , Essex✌. Im moving to america in thesummer with my mum&lil brother Josiah to live with my dad. In england things are really differernt you wear uniform instead of  your own clothes. Back in england i was in college , college is different we dont stay on campus is basically like high school. I had a few close friends , i was just cutting people off and kept my circle small , my friends were . Sheyla , Kiranne , Michayla , Tachell&Michelle their twins & my main white hoe Hannah-Louise. i had some boy-friends  Dwayne Malaki , Ezekiel , Nathan & Jessy. Ive also been out with a few boys but their history   i hope that when i get to america its a fresh start . hopefully. alright alright enough about me. bye sweet cheeks.
Disclaimer: Pinestown, Minnesota is not a real place as far as I know. If you do happen to find it, Harry will not be there.
Harry walked into the giant school known as Pinefield High School. He wasn't really nervous as he was confused. Why this school? He heard that it was one of the worst schools in Minnesota. And why'd his mom pick Minnesota, a freezing ice land?
He adjusted his backpack and wandered down the halls, searching for his locker.
"853, 853, 853..." Harry repeated in his head. He passed 849, then 850, 851, 852, and finally 853. He twisted the little lock until he heard a faint click over the chatter that filled the school.
A cobweb was in the corner, he guessed that no one ever used this locker judging by that thick layer of dust in it.
He decided against throwing his worn out backpack in and just carried it around.
A bell rang, ten times louder than at his old school. Then again, there were ten times more kids at this school, he pushed through the crowds to his first class. Chemistry.
The lab in room 15D was huge. It was nothing beautiful or anything like that but it probably could have fit his whole house in that lab room. Well, thaf was a bit of an exaggeration. He sat down in a seat in the back and pulled out his notebook of drawings to pick up where he left off.
"Class, please quiet down so I can take attendance!" The teacher cried. "Class!"
The noise slowly, and gradually, died down until the teacher could call out the names.
"Please raise your hand when I call you," she said. "Tina Carawell."
"Sam Gooder, Ricky Donner, Louis Tomlinson." She paused. "Louis?"
As if on queue, someone in the halls said, "See ya" and walked in. He plopped down in his desk and waved once he realized everyone was staring.
"You're late, Mr. Tomlinson," the teacher said in a stern voice.
Louis smirked, "Am I, now?"
"Yes," the teacher said, trying to get back to attendance.
Harry continued doodling, trying to ignore the obnoxious student known as Louis. He didn't really care what was being taught. He was so focused on his drawing of a mermaid he didn't realize some people staring at him like he was an exotic animal they'd never seen.
Louis tapped his pencil to the beat of his band, Starship Owl's newest song.
"Mr. Tomlinson, please quit tapping your pencil," the teacher, Ms. Grime said, stopping the lesson.
He didn't have a good comeback so he stopped and slumped in his seat. Ms. Grime was out to get Louis, it seemed. No one got in trouble in that class but Louis. He became extremely jealous of the kid who drew in the back, punishment-free.
He did a double take at the boy in back, doodling intensly. Louis hadn't seen him before. Was he new? Louis cocked his head but quickly looked away in case someone saw him. He tried focusing on what the teacher was saying but failed miserably. When was he going to use chemistry anyways?
The bell rang, and everyone got up. Well, everyone except Harry. He was so close to finishing his drawing he hadn't even realized the bell rung.
This was Louis' chance to talk to him. He walked over to Harry and tapped his shoulder.
"The bell rang, buddy," Louis said, trying to sound cool. Harry blinked a few times and noticed the class was, indeed, empty.
"Oh." Harry got up and walked out, trying to avoid a conversation with Louis.
Harry wasn't some antisocial freak or anything like that, he just didn't want to get caught up with friends until after he figured out this huge school.
Louis, unfortunetly, didn't realize that. "What did I do wrong? Does my breath smell bad?" Louis thought. He chewed on some gum just to be sure it wasn't that. Just as he was about to walk out he noticed the boy's notebook. It was still on the desk. He quickly walked back and scooped it up.
Another oppurtunity to talk to him. Why did Louis want to talk to this mystery boy? He had enough friends and wasn't lonely. He shrugged and threw the notebook on to his pile of books.
Each class was a blur for the two boys. Louis, was focused solely on meeting the mystery boy and Harry was focused on finding his notebook that he hadn't realized he'd lost until  second period. As soon as the bell rang, Louis knew where he would find the boy. He raced to the door of the Chemistry Lab and waited patiently.
Sure enough, the mystery boy came screeching around a corner, panick was in his eyes. Those deep, green eyes.
What was Louis thinking? He shook his head before approaching Harry.
"You..uh..you left your notebook," Louis stuttered.
Harry grabbed the notebook. "You didn't look at it did you?" He asked in a somewhat angry tone.
"No, of course not. I wasn't raised in a barn, you know," Louis answered with a smile, though he was a little hurt.
"Thanks then," Harry said, relieved.
This was Louis' oppurtunity. He stopped Harry so he wouldn't leave. "Who are you, anyways?"
Louis mentally facepalmed himself. Luckily, Harry didn't find it offensive.
"Harry," he said, extending a hand to Louis. "You're Louis right?"
"So he knows me," Louis thought. "That is correct."
"Well, I'll see you around then, Louis," Harry said as he waved goodbye. Louis waved back and headed to lunch, pleased with himself.
Louis had lied a little, he flipped through a few pages of the notebook. Harry was quite the artist. Louis could only wish for drawing skills like that. Pictures of pirates and seas filled up pages. He seemed to enjoy the sea. Louis decided not to tell Harry about the notebook.
⇢⇢⇢⇢⇢⇢
Once Harry got home, he ran to his room and began drawing again. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. How could he draw when he was in a bad mood? Harry felt like a total arse for ignoring Louis at the end of chem.
But he made up for it after right? He shook his head and made some tea and pulled out his favorite book, "Table Turner". He didn't quite know what it was about the book, but it was amazing. Harry had probably read it a hundred times and he still was shocked when Sam killed his brother.
"Harry, are you home yet?" A voice called.
"Yes, mother, I'm up here," Harry called back. He was still a bit steamed about her moving his family into the district two months into the school year. But she couldn't really help it.
His mother walked into his room knocking on the door as she entered. "Hello, Harry."
He waved and continued reading, sipping his tea every few pages. She inched closer and closer until she was right next to him.
"How was your first day?" She asked. He shrugged, but said nothing. "Did you make any friends?"
"No."
"Well that is your goal tomorrow, okay Harry?" She said.
"Shouldn't I be focused on schooling?" Harry said, finally closing the book and looking at his mother.
"Well, yes, but please try Harry. I know you probably think it's pointless but please," she answerd.
Hearing his mother plea like that he sighed, "Fine."
She smiled and gave him a squeeze before exiting. Harry opened up his book and continued reading.
Meanwhile, Louis sat at the dinner table, trying to figure out Harry. Or more, trying to figure out how to reach out to Harry. How could a guy like Louis talk to a guy like Harry without being accused of either being gay or replacing his old friends?
Was he gay? The thought crossed his mind for a split second before moving on to something else.
His phone buzzed as his girlfriend, Kennedy, tried calling him. He picked it up and before he could say hello, she was already talking.
The conversation was mostly Kennedy talking and Louis saying, "Mhm" or "Of course" and the occasional, "How could she do that?"
Once she finally finished, Louis did his best to end the call as polietly but quickly as possible.
"I've really gotta go babe, I have tons of homework," Louis said.
"Get a nerd to do it. That's how it works in the movies," Kennedy pouted, wanting to talk to Louis longer.
"This isn't the movies, and I should really be going," Louis insisted. He heard her sigh over the line.
"Fine, but you'll call me once you're done." She said, making it more of a fact.
"Of course I will, bye." Louis hung up and went back to trying to talk to Harry. It seemed so childish to be making a plan to talk to some kid he barely knew. But it was what Louis wanted to do, and Louis could do what he wanted.
Well, occasionally.
*ring* I turned to grab my phone "Hello who is it ?" "Don't play dumb with me Ashley it's me Judy where are u I'm outside your dorm room!" "Sorry I just got I out the shower." I lied I have been waiting for hours for Judy to pick me up she was late as always. "Tonight Ashley we become grown women." "Just because we go to one concert doesn't mean anything." Tonight me and Judy were going to a One Direction concert I couldn't bare but to scream but I had to stay calm. "Just open your door Ashley so that we can go!" Judy sounded so impatient so I finally open the got in the car and turned on the radio. AND EVERY TIME WE TA TA TOUCH WE GET THIS KIND RA RA RUSH. " OMG turn this up Ashley this is my jam!" * Ashley turns up radio* YAH A E YAH A E YAH YAH AND LET ME KISS NA NA NNN NA NA. "Turn it off we're here Ashley!" " TURN UP!!!!!!!!" I yelled srry I could not hold it in.
NOTE! I DONT OWN THESE CHARACTERS! THEY BELONG TO RICK RIORDAN! Please enjoy my mockery of some of the boys (including Leo) and the change up of the chaos stories and just using the girls this time. Note, I will be very slow about putting up new parts until I have fifteen reads and five comments (from different people) and five stars. Enjoy!
Annabeth POV
I took by sword, Betrayal, and parried Catherine. We are pretty evenly matched usually but today she was distracted, most of us were. I quickly disarmed her and she sat down beside the water jug. I put our weapons back on rack and sat down beside her. Catherine, or her old name Calypso, sighed.
"Why does this day always hurt so much? Why can't it just be another day?" She brings her head back against the wall sighing again.
I sigh as well. This day is never easy for any of the maiden team except angel, who didn't have the problem of boys. There are many of us though we didn't all end up this way but most of us just got lead down the wrong path. Out of all of us mine, was the worst.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~flashback~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As head architect of Olympus my job was never done. The gods kept wanting new things and I would make their wishes come true. I had just finished up with remodelling Aphrodite's throne for the tenth time this month and was heading back to camp bursting with excitement of my date with my seaweed brain. Thanks to Hermes I got there in record time. I head down to the dinning area and can hear laughter and the crackle of the fire. I sit down at the Athena table and all of my cabin mates swarm me with questions. I try my best to answer all of them but as I look through the flurry of Athena children I can see Percy and what I see shocks me. My seaweed head is sitting there, gazing at a girl across the hall. I look in that direction and see a group of new campers. I groan and try to ignore him and my cabin mates but struggle throughout the whole meal.
Soon after dinner I corner the dazed Percy in the woods.
"What's the dazed look all about seaweed brain?" He whips around startled.
"Annabeth? What are you doing back so soon? He looks around nervously.
"Hermes gave me a hand with Aphrodite's throne." I cross my arms and stare at him wishing what I saw wasn't true. "What was up at dinner? You seemed so....distracted." His eyes widen. Bingo, I hit him straight on.
"Oh! Just...just wondering if the new Aphrodite kids were doing okay! Ya, that's it." He look up trying to be truthful but completely failed.
"New kids huh seaweed brains. Then why don't you introduce me?" I smile trying to make it like I maybe believe him a bit.
"Sure! Let's do. That. Now!" He then starts running off to the cabins.
As we arrive we're greeted by Piper, and by the looks of it these girls are pretty tough. I walk beside Piper to come face to face with five Aphrodite children, each of them similar to me and my friends.
"Annabeth, I want you to meet Natalie, Georgie, Alison, Helen, Jane and Stacey. Girls, this is Annabeth, head of the Athena cabin, head architect of Olympus." Percy introduces him but I can tell his eyes seem to keep going back to Natalie.
"So, this is the smarty of the camp. There always seems to be one wherever you go, you just can't escape them!" Natalie mocks and a chorus of little giggles escape from the other girls.
"Look here Natalie. I've been on many quests, met Daleus and beaten Gaia and could beat your behind or whatever it is any day." I shoot back and hear a stiffled laugh come from Piper.
"Well then, why don't we settle that then? How about the sword arena tomorrow at ten? Will that work for you little miss perfect?" Natalie sneers.
"Fine by me but don't blame me if you're too chicken to show up!" I mock as I leave the cabin. As I'm nearing the big house I bump into Clarice but she doesn't respond and keeps heading towards the strawberry fields. I take my hat out of my pocket and put it on, quickly following her through the fields.
As we came out into a clearing I could see some people gathered around the campfire. As I squinted I could tell the mist was upon them. As I came a bit closer I could distinguish three voices, Artemis, Athena and Aphrodite.
"They've become too strong. We can't control them for much longer now." Artemis started
"I agree though it is very challenging to tell them face to face. If we do so it will just endanger us and them." My mother responded. He face clouded with something I rarely see, fear.
At that point three men came forth from the forestry. Ares, Zeus and Hades.
" I agree ladies, they must be stopped. None of them can stay with the hunters nor anyone in that matter. It has become too bad." Zeus states as they come into the ring of gods.
As I look around for more gods none seem to come but I spot Clarice across the ring and I'm pretty sure that she knows what's going on.
"But what can they do? Where can the go? My daughter can't just be killed can she?" Aphrodite looks around nervously.
Daughters Which daughter?
"We must do what we can to save the ones around them and ourselves. The girls have already started turning the camp against them, one at a time. We had to start with Annabeth though because anyone before her and everything would fall apart." Hades replied, a grim look on his face.
"What must be done shall be done. We shall summon her next week at this time." My mother concluded then all the gods disappeared.
Clarice came into the clearing and was about to bolt when I tackled her. She yelped in surprise and started begging until I took off my hat. She stared at me with confusion until she regained herself but not without some confusion in her voice.
"Did you hear them?" She asked me, still pinned to the ground. I nodded. "We're they talking about us?"
I rolled off her and sighed "I think they were, me for sure though. What in hades were they talking about!?" I threw my hands up and lied down
"I've not sure but I'm sure we need to keep this between us, until we're sure. Meet back here tomorrow same time?" I nodded and we set off in different directions
Hey Guys If you want to keep in contact with me And know new updates about my story.
Follow me on Twitter & Instagram:
@Jeszylove
~Stay Beautiful ~
.Liam's POV.
"Not again!" I groaned. I had just walked into an almost abandoned hallway, sending the person who was there running in the other direction.
It was the last day of school and I was so glad I was finally getting out if there. "One more year in this hell hole." I mumbled, opening my locker to get my things and leave. I couldn't wait to get home and spend my summer reading and training. well, and working obviously.
No one looked at me for more than a second as I exited the school, afraid if what would happen if our eyes meet. there all terrified of me. sure I'm huge, sure I have tattoos, but I'm like this for a reason.
I came out freshman year and everyone beat me up for it, my parents kicked me out and I've been living in an old tree house ever since. It was fairly nice, all things considered, there was a nearby Starbucks. I work there too. i trained in boxing
I flopped down in the bean bag chair in the corner of the small room. this thing was abandoned a long time ago.
currently, i was reading a book by john green called looking for Alaska. i got it at the thrift shop a few blocks away.
Looking at my watch, I saw that it was 5. I had work in half an hour so I picked up my bag and made my way down the road.
I hauled my big dufflebag through the back door of Starbucks and dropped it on the floor.
I walked though the door to the front of the building and slid behind the counter.
I spent 50 minutes just sitting there, waiting for a costumer.
A small group of teenage boys walked in. Four of them, all unknown to me.
There was one in particular that caught my eye. It was a small boy, with bleached blond hair, and a cute smile. He beamed as he walked up to me.
"Hi!" He said cheerily as his friends walked over to a table. I saw that two of them were holding hands.
"Hi, what would you like?" I asked, sincere happiness evident in my voice.
"Ummm, that, that, and two of those. Oh, and six of those!" He said pointing towards the sign above my head then the display of cinnamon rolls.
"Six?" I asked, a smirk playing at my lips.
"Well, I want two, and I thought maybe you would want one." He said, a cheeky grin across his face.
"Oi, Niall! stop flirting and bring me my food you peasant!" his friend called, turning his nose to the air as he faced the other two.
We both laughed. "Well my shift is over in ten minutes so I might just have to take you up on that offer." I replied as I handed him the six cinnamon rolls.
He blew me a kiss before taking the food and joining his friends. I tried to hide my red face as I turned around and started making there drinks.
I glanced at them and saw that they were all whispering. The insanely cute Niall was blushing furiously as his friends talked to him.
I brought them there drinks and when back to prepare my own, putting the money for it in the cash register. it was 7:30 so Alice was there for the next shift. "He's cute!" she said, her eyes finding the boy I was staring at.
I smiled at her and walked towards the table where the boys were sitting. Niall was smiling brightly at me.
"Hey." I said, sliding in beside Niall who was beside his friend.
"I think we should probably introduce ourselves. I'm Niall, obviously." He said, gesturing towards him self. "This is queen Zayn." He pointed at the one who called him a peasant as the two across from us laughed. "And these idiots are Louis and Harry." He didn't specify which was which so I'll have to figure it out myself.
"So, why haven't I seen you around?" I asked, we almost never got new costumers.
"Oh...ummm?" he responded, unsure of what to say.
"I think you should just tell him." Zayn said reassuringly.
"Okay, well, ummm, first things first I'm gay." he said, looking at me for a response. my heart lit up. and I smiled and nodded. he seemed less tense after this. "my parents are really rich and extremely religious. they said that they still love me but they don't want to spend an eternity in hell fire because they associate themselves with me so they put like 50 million in my bank account and shipped me to the other side of London." He finished.
"Huh." I replied, thinking about what he just told me.
"What's wrong?" he asked, worried that I wouldn't like him anymore.
"My parents didn't even give me a dollar." I said, looking at him and watching as his expression saddened.
"They kicked you out? Do you have anywhere to live?" Harry/Louis asked.
"Ya, I'm fine." I lied.
"Oh, okay. If you need anything though," Niall said sincerely.
"It's fine." I said glancing at my watch. "I need to get going, I have boxing in twenty minutes." standing up, I downed the rest of my coffee and threw it in the trash.
"I'll see you around!" I called, walking out the door. I didn't know how long it would be until I saw them again but I hope it's soon.
___________________________
So I hope you enjoyed the start of this book. this is my first bromance fic so please be nice.
P.S. I apologize in advance for the months that will exist between chapters.
Hey guys!!!
I'm kind of new to this so please bear with me and I will update as often as I can!!
Please feel free to vote, comment or what not!!
Much loves
Litz <3
Chapter One: Befriending the Ax Murderer
"There are two kinds of secrets. The ones we keep from others and the ones we keep from ourselves."
-Frank Warren
---
Another drop of rain splattered on my nose, causing me to sneeze for the twelfth time in this minute. The wind whipped my loosely tied hair and left a slight stinging sensation as it made contact with my pale face. I sighed deeply, pushing back the strands of hair that had managed to come free .
You would expect that the weather would be warmer near the west coast compared to the east, where I was from. Unfortunately, not this time. The bus I had just got off of had passed a sign that had said 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada!' So far though, there wasn't really anything 'fabulous' about it.
Gray clouds were heavily scattered around the sky, which made no sense. Wasn't Nevada a desert? Apparently the fates hated me so much, they even went to the extent of changing the climate.
Currently, I was seated on a freezing bench which had made my bottom go numb. A truly lovely experience, I would presume. I mean, who doesn't want to have a frozen butt?
"Why me? I'm really not in the mood right now!" You can officially call me mental now. I was yelling at the sky, because that's obviously going to help the situation. Groaning, I sagged lower into the seat, covering my face with my hands. Why was life so damn hard?
"I don't think yelling at the clouds is going to help." Great, now my brain was talking to me.
"Shut up." Everything was quiet for a second after I said this, before I realized that my inner sense was most definitely not a boy. My head shot up with extreme speed, the effort making my neck pop.
"Ugh... oww." Rubbing my neck, I cautiously peered over my shoulder to find a young man looking at me with a very amused expression. Just my luck-I always have to make to worst first-impressions in front of the cute guys.
I stared at him carefully for a second, before slowly turning back to my original position. I was definitely hallucinating. The guy behind me was way too good looking to even notice me. He looked maybe three or four years older than me, and was probably almost six feet tall. Not too muscular, but at the same time, definitely not scrawny. His brown hair was pushed up in the front, the rest concealed by a gray beanie.
Noticing that it had become silent except for the sound of the slow rain and wind, I hesitantly looked back once again, turning around even faster this time. He was still there, watching me intently with his beautiful chocolate brown eyes.
No, no no. He does not have 'beautiful, chocolate brown eyes', idiot. He's just an image created by you, because you are clearly mentally unstable. Now shut up and don't look back again. Now, that was definitely my inner sense, Carly. We usually had a pretty good relationship, seeing that we spent a lot of time alone together.
Some gravel crunched, and my imaginary cute boy was suddenly sitting next to me on the butt-freezer bench. My imagination was becoming more and more exemplary, this guy seemed so real. But Carly said he wasn't, so I was going to go with what she told me.
"Well, sorry for freaking you out. I didn't mean to interrupt your conversation with the... clouds." He coughed awkwardly, looking at me with a sheepish expression.
"Umm...no problem? You weren't intruding at all, no worries." Leave it to me to have the most idiotic conversation with a cute guy I just met... who was probably imaginary.
After a moment of contemplation, I realized that this whole thing could only have one explanation- this strange cute guy was an ax murderer! He kind of looked like a Phil to me... so I decided on naming him Phil.
At that very moment he decided to chuckle a bit, which kind of put me on the edge. Ax murderers always chuckled before killing their next victims... right? Slowly, I inched farther and farther from him, so now I was sitting at the very end of the bench, praying to God that I didn't fall. If I did, my amazing escape plan would fail.
Okay so here's the gameplan: run. Carly told me the plan, which, after a bit of mental arguing, I agreed to.
"So anyway, are you lost?" I was so caught up arguing with Carly, I had completely forgotten that cute guy, aka Phil the ax murderer, was still sitting next to me. His sudden speech caused me to jump a bit, which resulted in me now being relocated to the wet sidewalk. And I must say, it was even better than the butt-freezer bench. I mean, up there my butt was just frozen. Now, it was wet too.
"Shit! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to freak you out." Phil the ax murderer had shot out of his seat once he saw me introduce my butt to the sidewalk, and was currently in front of me, a hand outstretched to help me up.
"It's fine. Now if you'll excuse me, I should get going. It was nice talking to you, Phil." Hauling myself up, I wiped my hands on my overused jeans, and started walking away without a second glance in his direction.
Jogging up to me, Phil the ax murderer looked at me with a confused expression on his face. This was the part where he would magically produce an ax and chop my head off. Plus, there weren't any people except an old lady with a walking stick on the other side of the road, so he could easily kill me and would get away with-
"Okay, first of all, my name isn't Phil. How did you even...? You know what? I'll just pretend you never called me that. And second of all, I can't just leave you here in the rain! I'll drive you to wherever it is you so urgently need to go to. Okay?" So now he wanted to kidnap me, then kill me with his magical ax? Yeah... not happening.
"No thanks. I'm just gonna walk away... like right about now... yeah... Okay, bye!" As I spoke slowly, I began taking small steps away from the ax murderer, whose name was apparently not Phil (it probably was, and he was just lying to me). Right when I said bye, I spun around and sprinted away from the but-freezer bench and guy whose name 'wasn't' Phil.
I had always been proud of my speed. It was something no one could take away from me, unlike the many other things that had been. The feeling of pushing yourself so much, to the point where the pain just goes away, was something I had always loved.
So, when I started sprinting away from the cute ax murderer dude, I was almost a hundred percent sure that I had lost him. Unfortunately, the odds are never in my favor. I could practically feel him gaining on me with every step, which made my heart rate accelerate to the point where I started having a headache. I couldn't die... I had to do something first.
Once again becoming lost in my thoughts, I stopped looking at where I was going. At that precise moment, I slipped on the wet sidewalk, completely losing my footing.
There's this feeling you get when you're about to fall. Everything kind of slows down, and in your state of shock, you can't move at all, the only thought racing through your mind is that you know it's gonna hurt.
That's exactly what happened to me, only right as I was about to introduce yet another body part to the sidewalk, I was stopped. Tilting my eyes to the side, I realized that my head was currently hovering about three inches from my new bestie, sidewalk.
Somehow, before even looking up, I knew who it was. My heart was about to leap out of my chest and start doing the 'you sure are an idiot, Abella' dance as I turned my attention to my savior. Ugg- now I sounded like a freakin damsel in distress.
"Oh. It's you again... Thanks?" He looked slightly concerned, probably not because I had just almost split my skull open, but most likely because he was wondering if I was mentally stable.
"You're welcome. Now, because I just practically saved your life, I want something in return." He had helped me up, very much against my will, leaving me to gape at him.
We were both thoroughly soaked, and I knew very well that I probably looked like a drowned cat (don't ask). "Hold on! What do you mean? Look, if you want money, I don't have any. No phone either, so I don't really know what I can give you." Now, I probably looked like a very frustrated, drowned cat.
"Who said I wanted money?" I was seriously doubting his intentions now. What if he wanted... no! I didn't even wanted to think about that. He had moved a bit closer to me, making me want to pee my pants... or smack him in the face... or both.
"I was hoping for something more like, you know, your name, possibly?" I was completely prepared to pee, hit and run before he said that.
"Wait... What?" I managed to choke out a somewhat coherent sentence, staring at him like a fool, totally caught off guard by his statement.
"You know, your name? The word people usually call you?" He looked just as confused as I felt, but managed to continue when he noticed that it was still raining. "Uh, why don't we continue this conversation indoors? There's this coffee shop right across the street. We can go there, if you want."
Nodding slightly, I followed him to the warm shelter of the shop. Realizing I hadn't replied to his first statement, I looked at him as I spoke, "And, I know what a name is, you idiot."
"Harsh words for a guy you just met. I mean, I might be an ax murderer for all you know." He grinned at me, holding the door to the warm shop, which smelled like fresh coffee and cinnamon, open for me as I hastily made my way inside.
"But, you see, I already knew that." I managed to crack a tiny smile in his direction, the first time I had in a long time. It felt nice to talk to someone but Carly again. Just a one on one conversation, it gave me some sort of hope, I had no idea why. But for once, I didn't push it back down.
"You know, we didn't have the greatest intro, so let's try again. I'm Blake Williams, I just turned nineteen, and I'm very single." He winked at the last part, causing me to roll my eyes. Inside though, my heart skipped a beat, warmth filling every inch of me.
We were seated in the corner of the shop now, across from each other. Taking a deep breath I looked up at his amazingly brown eyes as I spoke, "I'm Abella, Abella Montgomery. Almost eighteen, and not interested."
He laughed as I said this, a genuine laugh, which made me want to laugh along with him. I didn't, of course, but gave him a small smile. Judging by the look on his face though, it was more than enough.
"You know, you should smile more often. It's a good look on you, Ms. Montgomery."
--END OF CHAPTER ONE--

A/N: Dedicated to @muayii1026 for the amazing cover to the side.
As I had said, I am editing my story from beginning to end, after I realized that it wasn't detailed enough. So, this is the newly edited chapter one! I really hope this one turned out better than my first attempt. Vote and/or comment telling me what you think!
Also, the rest of the chapters will be redone up to my standards, but it may take a while, so bear with me!
A HUGE thank you to anyone who is reading, I really appreciate it! <3 <3 <3

"Summeeeer!" screaming at the top of my voice in excitement. It was a beautiful morning. The sun was shining , the flowers blooming , everything just perfect. Opening my cupboard , I spot a pink short and put it on. I run to the bathroom , brushed , did what I had to do , then I went downstairs.
My mom was making pancakes and my dad was sitting at the table reading the newspaper and drinking coffee. "Good morning mummy," and I kissed her temple. "Good morning sweety." "Morning daddy!" I gave him a tight hug then he pecked my cheek and replied , "Morning hunny , how are you today?" , " I'm fine , thanks for asking."
"....So I'm putting my defences up , 'cause I don't wanna fall in love , if i ever did that , I think I'll have a heartaaaaaaack..." "Manal your phone." My phone was ringing. Missing some few steps , I jumped upstairs finally reaching my room. I picked up my blue iPhone and saw a missed call from Tiff__(My bestie). Just when I was about to call back I got a text from her.
Tiff : Mimi , we wanna come over. Is that okay?
Me : Why so calm today? Lolz wait lemme ask first.
Tiff : Its Lewis , I'll tell you when I come.
"Maaaammaaa!" yelling from my room , my mom run up the stairs like a maniac. "What , what?" , "Mummy Tiffany , Liam and the others want to come over , is it okay with you?" "Manal Lawren!Do you know how I'm feeling now?!? I thought something happened to you.." , "hahahaha!" I laughed out. "Sure they can come but no naughty games!" she pointed her finger and left my room.
Okay a game of truth or dare wasn't that naughty. I mean come on we are a group of 16 , 17 and 18 year olds. We are grown.
I held up my phone and texted Tiff.
Me : I'm back!!:)
Tiff : So what did she say?
Me : She said yes!
Tiff : Awesome..I"ll be on my way.
Me : But I say no.Dont come!
Tiff : ....?What's wif you Manal? You acting strange..
Me : Hahahaha...dude chill I'm jx messing wif ya..I'll be waiting.
I put my phone down then went to take a shower. Soaking wet, I came out of the tub , put the towel around me and skipped to my room , wore my clothes and went downstairs to have breakfast.(IKR , I was now having breakfast)
"OMG this pancakes are the bomb!" I groaned munching on some pancake. I have 5 friends coming over and here I am having breakfast. I finished the last one in my plate when suddenly the bell went "Ding-Dong".
"I'm coming!"
Tiff jumped on me. Then followed Liam, then James , then Cora and finaly Alex. I just fell on the floor as we all laughed. Even my mom and dad.
"Okay guys , go up to the room!"My mom exclaimed.
"Hey Mr and Mrs.L ," they all greated apart from Tiff.
"Hi aunty , hi uncle!" Yeah she mostly came over so she knows my parents better than any of the others. Besides , she is my bff.
We were halfway to my room when my mom just bumped out of nowhere, "Don't do anything naughty!" She winked and walked away.Good thing I connected the games or the boys would have killed me. Whiles Cora and Tiff sat on my bed, the boys were on the floor concentrating on the screen. I decided to go get some snacks. I got back as fast as I can and hopped on my bed opening a bag of chips.
" Soo...what happened?" waiting for Tiff to tell me bout her love life.
"Huh?Ohh!" she remembered, " Yeahhh!" I gave her a smile and she began talking...................................................
It was now 11:45 pm and it was getting late so they all decided to leave. Back to my room , the place was so messy. Today was different. No truth or dare. The boys kept playing thier games and later came to join us with thier latest gossip.
Sometimes, it just shocks me how boys can have more gossip than girls.
"Ahh,atlast!" relaxing on my bed . The room was all clean now. Just going through my phone to see if I had any messages when I came across two. One from my bro ( in Britain..yhh I wasn't the only child) and one from Tiff.
I opened Tiff's own and it read , "tnx a lot Mimi, we really had a blast..ttyt."
Not even before I closed Tiffs own I was fast asleep.
Lucille's POV
"Bye Belle" I said to my coworker, as i hung my apron up on the wall. As i walked outside, i could feel
the breeze hit my face. It felt good. I started my nightly walk routine home. As usual I was ending my 10
o clock night shift at Yummy's Cafe. I hated walking alone in the dark, but what could i do?,  me and my
my mother only owned one car. And most of the time she needed it for her work at the office. It sucked.
Through my night walk, I've seen a drunk man pee on a fire hydrant and i even caught a couple doing it
in the alley. Ew. How public can people get with those things? At least i havent been robbed or
killed yet. See, I live with my mother. My father died when I was 10 after a drunk driver hit him. Ever since, it has
just me and my mother. We moved down to California after my father's death. My mother got a job
offer and seeing that she couldnt cope with his death, my aunts and uncles decided it was best for
us to move down to California. It sucks when all your family members live in a whole differen state from you.
It sucks not knowing many people here. I've always had a  hard time making friends, and so ever since our move down here, 7
years ago.,Ive kept a distance from many people. My best friend April also lived thousands of miles
where my family members were.
Checking the time, i tried to hurry home. But then i saw a shadow in front of me. He was pointing
something at me. He got closer and closer. It was a knife. I guess that whole part about not getting
robbed or killed was too fast, huh?
I stayed still, frightened. And this is the reason why i hated walking home alone.
"Please dont hurt me!" I cried out.
"Give me your money" I just stared at him.
"I said, give me your money!" He said as he walked closer to me pointing the knife with him. I kept
backing away.
"Okay, okay.  Please dont hurt me..." I said as i hurriedly searched for my
money. My hands were shaking, i couldnt concetrate. All i could think of was what if he kills
me? My mother would be alone. No, she wouldnt be okay. No, she needed me.
I couldnt find my money, but i found my pepper spray that i kept with me at all times. I bought one for
moments like this. I mean in dark alleys, you never know what's going to happen.
"I cant find it!"
He looked angry. "Dont lie to me!"
"Give me your bag!" He came closer to me and pulled my bag. I couldnt let him have it. No, i
couldnt. Me and him played a tug a war with my bag until i took my pepper spray and sprayed him
with it.
"OW! You B****! " He said covering his eyes. He kept rubbing his eyes and now he was charging
towards me with the knife. Maybe i shouldnt have done that. For some reason, i couldnt move my legs, they froze.
I was scared for my life. All of sudden a tall figure came out from the dark and charged him to the ground.
I stared at the tall figure. He looked familiar. Ive seen him somehwere..where have i?...Its Ethan.
He jumped on the robber and punched him. He then took his knife and punched the robber's face
one more time.
"Next time, why dont you try to not be such a wimp?" With that, the robber ran away with blood
dripping down his face. Ethan took the knife and threw it inside a trash can. He then looked back at
me.
"Are you okay?" He asked me. I just stared at him, with my hands shaking
"Hey! I said are you okay?" Realizing i was staring, i nodded my head at his question.
"Thats good!" he replied as he smiled his gorgeous smile that all the girls at my school drooled over. "Why are you walking alone in the dark? Do you need a ride home?"
I just nodded my head no. I just kept staring at him. Ethan had saved me. The most popular boy at
school. The boy who was the topic of every girl's conversation everyday. He saved me.
"Hey!" I heard him say. I came back to reality.
"Huh?"
"I said i can give you a ride home? Where do you live?"
Ethan wants to give me a ride? Ethan, THE Ethan. :O
"No...im okay. Th-th-anks for helping me" I took another glance at him and started walking until he pulled my arm.
"To be honest, i dont want to be a witness of a dead girl! So how about you let me give you ride?" He gave me a softsmile. I complied and got in his car.
As he drove me home, i kept playing with my hands. They were still shaking. I cant tell if it's
because i was almost killed or because im right next to Ethan.
"So.." I looked up to see  him staring at me.
"What's your name?" He didnt know who I was. I sadly looked at him. I mean why would he anyway?
He's Ethan Collins. And, im only Lucille James. Besides the fact that we had 1st and 4th period
together, why would he need to know me.
"You look familiar. Do you happen to go to Norwalk?"
I nodded.
"Wow, dont you talk? Are you mute? " He chuckled. Good thing we reached my house before i could
respond. "Is this it?" I nodded and got out of the car.
Before i closed the door, i said, "It's Lucille". He looked confused. "My name. Thanks again! See
you in 1st period tomorrow" I gave a short smile and closed the door. He then drove off.
What a Crazy night.
----------------------------
Please show your love if you enjoyed this! This is one of my first on here so i hope you guys like it and continue to keep watch out for future chapters! :)






"Cal!" I started to run after him, but then stopped from another dizzy spell. My eyesight was starting to get hazy, and I couldn't keep my balance.
"Aria!" I heard Ashton yell. I started to fall, and I couldn't grab on to anything to stay up. I saw Calum run towards me before I blacked out.
That day they told me it was just stress, and lack of eating. They were wrong. My name is Aria Bethany Hood and I need a heart transplant. I don't remember if it was because my heart's too big, or too small, either way I am going to die.
Yes, there is a possibility that I could get the transplant, but there's a list, a huge list of people that have the same problem I do. Due to my shit choices with alcohol I'm near the bottom of that list.
/a.n./
god ive barely started the book and its already all over the place
i realize that this is a day late oops so ill publish the next chapter today
throughout the book there is going to be random flashbacks which will be italisized(:
xx 5soslostgirl
I watched all the other kids from the corner of the playground.  Why was I…so different?! They were all so happy, so joyful and carefree. Me? I spent my days watching them all and getting kicked around from house to house to house.  I was always the weird kid, the strange one, the troubled one. The one all the adults steered their children away from. The one no-one liked.  I was going to be lucky if I didn’t get kicked out of my “family” within three more days.  I never lasted more than a week. Never.
OK so I’m a foster kid. Short, dark, choppy hair, a leather jacket with silver spiky studs on the shoulder, grass-green eyes.  That’s me. As pale as death. Everyone calls me the vampire behind my back. That’s fine with me. I hate them all anyway. I hate myself too. I’m the weirdo and I’m fine with that, but I’m also the only surviving member of my family. I was sleeping peacefully one night when there were screams and yells and a freezing cold wind ripped me from my bed. It saved me, but killed my family. Guess what? I got the blame. My mum, my step-dad and my two year old sister. All gone.  In an instant. Because of me? I think so too. But I don’t know how. I was just extremely upset about having no-one to confide in. And then- BOOM! Mega wind storm! Tornado, whatever you want to call it. And my house was the only one affected.
I really liked using my powers but they exhaust me. I loved making the trees rustle in the cold, winter winds and listening to the sounds. I also loved the sound of water freezing. Many people claimed you couldn’t hear that but I can. Yay. Another point to add to the list off “Reasons I am a freak”. So in short, my life sucked. I mean… Most people said I have it easy. Easy. Anything but. Come on, I was currently being beaten! My sleeves and trousers and clothes in general hid the scars and bruises but they were still there! Sore as ever.  My foster “family” hated me. I don’t know why, they just DID. Well not surprising as nearly everyone did.  But honestly? My family? So that was me. And my life. Zero friends, zero family, zero comfort. All alone. Forever.
On this particular day I was walking home, not watching where I was going. I was reading my favourite book, The Emerald Atlas, again, the fourth time in three months. I read a lot. Fictional characters were really the only ones I could relate to. I also listened to a lot of music, for the exact same reason.  And I wasn’t watching, walking while reading. Idiotic huh? Well that’s me, so get used to it. And as I was walking, I heard the normal shouts and all. I ignored it. “Hey you!” some boy called. His friends snickered. I kept walking. “You! Weird loner girl, whatever your name is!” I felt my cheeks freeze, which is what they do when I get mad or annoyed. Instead of blushing, I paled. How strange was that?! I walked straight into him, my nose still buried in my book. He raised his eyebrows. “There’s no need to be afraid,” he grinned. I instantly hated him. All my instincts were screaming “RUN!” but I ignored them as well. They never did me any good.
I rolled my eyes. “Not afraid. Just annoyed of you and your so-called flirting,” I replied. His facial expression turned to shock and outrage. “Who the hell said I was hitting on you?!” he yelled. I shrugged. “It’s pretty obvious you like me,” I said back, hiding a smile. He pulled out a wicked sharp knife. And he pointed it over my heart. “Tell me who said it,” he growled, bringing his face right up to mine. I could smell the alcohol on his breath. This isn’t good…. Part of me warned. You just figured out?! My other half yelled back. For some reason, this happened. I tended to argue with myself, talk to myself, laugh to myself. But now definitely wasn’t the right time.  My heart was fluttering like mad in my chest. I leaned back. He pushed the knife closer. I felt like screaming and a sob nearly passed my lips. Instead of screaming and running, I drew myself up to my full height and stared him in the eyes. “I’m not scared,” I repeated. He glared at me for a few minutes. And he finally lowered the knife. His friends were dying of laughter behind him. I kept my attention focused on this boy. There was another smaller boy coming down the road on crutches right at that moment. The bully’s gaze flickered instantly over to him. He looked back at his friends, who were grinning and laughing, pointing at the younger boy. “Another time,” he barked, spit flying into my face. I wiped it off with my sleeve and shrugged. “As you wish,” I said in a bored tone. I ducked behind a bush when he turned and watched carefully. The bully -if I recalled correctly his name was Oliver- walked over to small Jamie. I think that was his name. He’d talked to me once. One person who didn’t think I was a freak. The only one in my entire dark little world.
Oliver shoved Jamie over, who, being on crutches, fell over instantly. His crutches clattered to the floor and Jamie was unable to get up. Oliver’s friend took his glasses and stepped on them, completely smashing the glass that allowed Jamie to see properly. For the second time in twenty minutes I felt the cold blood rush up to my face. This wasn’t right! Jamie cried out in horror, unable to see. His crutches lay just to the left and right of him. Oliver kicked them out of the poor boy’s reach. I froze, having a terrible thought. That knife in his back pocket… Oliver could seriously hurt someone with that when he was sober. But if he was drunk that was a whole different story. Considering how easily he had pulled it on me. I take a deep breath. And let it out. The wind picked up and died down with each of my breaths. I breathed in even deeper, slowly taking Oliver’s knife out his back pocket. He didn’t notice and the knife flew into my hand, nearly slitting my wrist as it came.  Oliver suddenly whirled around. Maybe he wasn’t as oblivious as I had thought…. Oops. He screamed at the top of his lungs, “Where are you?! Come out you little-“ And I don’t think I should list what he said next. Swearing and cursing. Aimed at who? Me. Of course it was.

I stepped out calmly, brushing the leaves off my clothes. I smile brightly, which is a big achievement for me. “I heard you call?” I asked, my voice honey sweet. I was still holding his knife. Jamie stared in shock, Oliver stared with fury in his eyes. I laughed and Oliver narrowed his eyes. “Are you laughing?” he questioned. “God, you’re that dumb you don’t know what a laugh sounds like?” I sneered. Jamie shook his head behind Oliver’s back. I ignored him.  I smirked at Oliver. At least he was distracted from Jamie. Suddenly a car pulled up next to me and I groaned. My “mother” Julie stepped out. “Has my daughter been causing you trouble?” she asked Oliver with a stern glance at me. Oliver immediately burst into a fit of fake tears. “Yes Miss! She was yelling and screaming at me!” he sobbed. I raised my shoulders and my mouth made the shape of an angry “O”. “What are you playing at?!” I yelled at him. Julie put a finger on my lips, gave me a disapproving look and nodded for Oliver to continue. Jamie was just watching with his head whipping back and forth. Oliver continued. “She even pointed a knife at me! She’s completely drunk, she’s on drugs and she’s mean!” he cried. Julie stared at me. “That’s it!” she yelled. “GET IN THE CAR!” “But-“ I began to protest. “NO BUTS! Get in that car right NOW!” I climbed in, folded my arms and glared out the window at Oliver. Julie was talking to him in a soothing tone, before turning to the car and walking towards it. Oliver grins at me and waves mockingly behind her back. I’m so annoyed that I wrote a swear on the window in black marker. Julie yelled some more but I didn’t care. I was so in for it anyway…
So this will be a whole new story. That's a picture of my main character there at the side. I hope to keep this story going but I might not be able to update too regularly. Thanks for reading and let me know what you thought in the comments! Bye!
Hey Pickles, my name is Gigi. I deleted this chapter on accident so now I am rewriting his chapter sorry. Any way this is my 2nd book I am writing on wattpad.
REMEMBER THAT THIS BOOK HAS NOT BEEN EDITED SO SORRY FOR ALL THE MISTAKES. I WILL BE EDITING THIS BOOK ONCE IT IS COMPLETED.
Ivy POV
Quack, Quack
"Hello is anyone there?"
Quack, Quack
"Im serious, who is that?"
Omg what is that seriously it is creepy, suddenly I stumbled back from force. What? I looked down and saw a cute duck, awhh.
"Hey there little duck," I say.
"I'm not little you dumb human."
What the actual fudge on toast? Did it just talk? Na ducks can't talk thats im-
"Hey human, your dumber that I thought and yes I can talk." He says sassy.
What? Did I say that out loud?
"Yes oh gosh your incredibly stupid."
" Ok, Mrs Duck how can you talk?"
"Do I look like a lady? Huh? No it's Mr. I'm a man, and to answer your question I just open my beak and bam." He says aggressively.
All of a sudden he bumps me over and I land on my back. How can he be so strong. He starts waddling towards my face. haha Waddling
"What are doing?" I ask and he doesn't reply he just starts slapping me with his webbed feet.
"Wha--Not the eyes oww."
"Wake up Ivy, Ivy." Someone shakes me.
"Ivy, Ivy." They start poking.
My eyes shoot open and I see Ivory's blonde hair sweeping across my cheeks. Phew Mr Duck is gone.
"Ivy, breakfast is ready come down." She says cutely while curling my wavy blonde hair around.
"Okay, why dont you down stairs and watch some Spongebob while I just take a shower." I smile at her and she jumps up then sprints downstairs.
I shoved the covers off of me and grabbed a fluffy towel then headed to the bathroom. I stripped my clothes off and the warm water tickled on my skin. It is safe to say that I am terrified of ducks. I washed myself im Raspberry scented body wash and shampoo, yumm.
I hopped out of the shower and headed into my room also know as my safe haven. My room had Red and White walls. I saw my study books scattered around my desk, I am not a nerd by the way. I just like to get good marks oh wow that does sound like a nerd. But I'm not.
Today was the first day of senior year in Denver High. So I ahd to make a bit of effort in my clothes, okay not that much but yeah. I tossed some clothes on and checked my appearance.
I was wearing my black skinny jeans, my favourite t-shirt that had 'I ♥ Raspberries' across it, I also had on my red vans. I straightened my natural wavy blonde hair which sits above my waist and placed a black beanie on it. I didn't put on make up because I don't but I used some Raspberry baby lips, yummy.
I nodded at my appearance and grabbed my school bag then skipped downstairs. I cringed as I saw My parents kissing eww.
"PDA alert that you very much." I coughed loudly only to recieve a chuckle from them both.
"Don't worry honey you'll be all over your boyfriend, when you get one." Mom winks at me as she places my pancakes on them with Raspberries and whip cream. Obviously I love Raspberries and do I care? No.
"Darling she is not getting a boyfriend anytime soon." Dad growls playfully and mom just flips him off, I love them so much.
My mom, June is beautiful really. She has short blonde hair and green eyes which I inherited but I had a little specks of blue. She was pretty short standing at 5 ft 4 where as I am 5 ft 3 Dammn. Oh and she is the best cook in history of all cooks.
My dad, Marc is pretty tall he is 6 ft 3 and looks pretty intimidating but he is a giant softy. He has short dirty blonde hair and royal blue eyes. He is very overprotective of me though he say and I quote ' boys want one thing and that is ,you know your womanly parts. Therefore you shall not date for a while. ' And he says it everytime I look at a hot guy, like C'mon.
Then there is Chase he Is absolutely the best brother. He is 20 years old and in college and sadly only visits once a month. When he was in Denver High he was like the golden boy I was well Jelly. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. He is pretty muscular and has a couple of tattoos on his arms. Me being 3 years younger that him is annoying because he is also overprotective. But I love him, so yeah.
And lastly there is Ivory my adorable little sister. She is 4 and has really curly blond hair with green eyes. I love her so much.
I swallowed the last bite of the pancakes and grabbed my Raspberry Milkshake from the fridge.
"Any way gotta go or I will be late." I said and kissed them all. I grabbed my bag and milkshake then headed to my Audi, it isn't the fancies but it gets me to Hell and back also known as school.
With that I sigh and drive off with my milkshake in one hand.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Im terribly sorry about deleting this chapter before. Any way hope you enjoyed, the next one will be better hopefully.
Comment and Vote please.
-Gigi♡
Hello! This is my new story I will be writing, if you all like it. I will update Chapter 1 and when  do, I will have an author note at the end which I would love for you all to read. I have big hopes and plans for this story and I hope you will be there by my side through it all if this story gets somewhere. Anyways, I will come up with a day to update a chapter for this book but chapter 1 will be up for this book either today or tomoorow as I'm working on it right now! And I would love if you guys left me questions in the comment so I can answer them. Lovely, thank you!
Sophia
"Wooaaah. I can't believe I'M BACK IN KOREA NOW!!" I said to myself while walking out of the airport.
I'm so happy now. Studying wasn't easy you know, but now I finally finished university in the U.S. studying Master of Arts in International Media and Entertainment Management.
Oh, and before telling my story I will introduce myself. My name is Park Kira Young but the fewest know my full name because I don't want to, they all know me just as Kira. Nevermind.
I had a really hard time in the U.S. because I was on my own back then and I really missed my brother and that's why I'm a bit cold to people I meet, not trying to trust them too fast.
I already experienced it that people you trust are ditching you when they don't need you anymore, just betraying you to reach better places or broadcast lies about you smiling in your face.
So now I have this arrogant image to save me from somebody hurting me. And life is easier doing this.
But now I'm back in Korea!!! My gooosh I'm sooo happy.
A vibration in my hand took me out of my thoughts. Omo! My brother is calling! I answered it directly. "Oppaaa, annyeong!" I greeted him excitedly. "Kiraa, I'm sooo sorry, the meeting took me a bit longer than I thought. Is it okay for you, if you take a taxi to go home?" he said. "woaaah oppaa, seriously?" I was kidding him. "hahah, it's alright, hmm.. than I will visit you after going home, okay? I really missed you."
"youu kid, don't dare kidding with me or I will have a bad conscience. I missed you too little sis. Okay than, come to the company after resting a bit. You're probably exhausted."
"yaaah, I told you not to call me sis or something like that, it will reveal our relationship. You know I don't want to be known as your sister in public. And it's okay I already slept while flying, so I'm not tired at all."
"Ok, I'll try my best. Than I will wait for you and there is also something important I have to tell you. Now I have to hang up. See you later than 'Miss Park' " and he hung up. He really pronounced Miss Park so ironically hahah.
I couldn't even ask what's it about. Damn I'm so curious. Ok, but now I have to find a taxi here. I looked around the area outside the airport and my eyes stopped searching when I saw one. I rushed with my luggage in the direction of the taxi and got inside quickly.
I barely wanted to tell the taxi driver where to go but suddenly the car door on the other side opened and someone was in hurry to get in the car but I couldn't even see anything because of too much flashlights.
He said "let's go!" to the taxi driver and the taxi driver started driving. What the fish is going on? Did he just now got in the taxi? Woah jinjja, I can't believe ,what is he thinking, am I an invisible passenger or what?
Than the taxi driver asked "Where am I supposed to take you?" We both said "Gangnam" at the same time.
I turned to him giving him a confused look. He weared a cap and sunglasses. "Heeey, I got the taxi first. Go find yourself another one" I said annoyed.
Than he looked at me and I could see in his face, well actually the part which could be seen like his mouth that was wide opended and his eyebrows which went up, that he was really shocked seeing me.
"Kira?..."
____________________________________________
A/N:
Hey guuys this is my first fan fiction and I'm so sorry if I did some spelling or grammar mistakes since my mother language is not english.
But I hope you'll like it.
Pls comment if you liked it or if I can make something better.
Merve
Hey! So this is my first book so please don't judge me and I just wanted to say that I'm not the best if writers but I really do try my best. I will try to update everyday but its may be hard with school and all that so yeh... Also if I don't get many readers I may stop the book sorry...
-Stay Nashty-
Characters-Age-Who
Cameron Dallas - 19 - Himself
Charlie Bambury - 18 - Chloe Baker (forget_me_not_daisy)
Ellie Johnson - 19 - Emily Jowett (ejowett75)
Katie Robins - 16 - Herself (KatieBaby1234523451)
Nash Grier - 16 - Himself
Jack Gilinsky - 17 - Himself
I look around the lunch room, watching as everyone else at with a large group of friends, while I sit alone, barely eating the slop that was in front of me. 'No one wants to hang around with a cancer patient," I mentally tell myself as I push the tray aside and pull out my beaten, torn, bright-blue notebook. The covers were barely hanging onto the spiral, and there were coffee stains, tear stains, and ink blotches, covering each page. I shakily pick up my travel mug of black coffee, just the way I like it.
I begin to jot down some random words about my emotions that I would later turn into a song maybe, when I felt someone tap my shoulder, and I turn around to face the most stunning woman I had ever laid my eyes upon. She had long red hair that was wild with curls, it almost looks like fire as the cool air rushes in as someone opens the double doors that lead outside. She shivers as the air hits her bare forearms.
When I hear the doors swing shut again and she becomes still again. I look up her long legs, to her small waist, passed her magnificient breasts, and finally landing on her perfect face, that was dusted with freckles along her nose. She smiles, not flashing her teeth as she sits down beside me. I can't help but marvel at her beautiful physique. She snaps her fingers, drawing me back to reality. I smirk. "What is such a sexy thing like you doing sitting all the way over here?" I ask flirtatiously. Her eyes widen slightly and she shifts uncomfortably. I feel offended at her actions and turn back to working on my poem. I feel her eyes on me, but I don't look up. "You know, staring is considered rude in this country." She clears her throat.
"I'm just trying to understand why a high school student just referred to a teacher as sexy," she counters. I stiffen and turn to look back at her. She smirks and holds her hand out. "I'm Miss Davidson, the new chemistry teacher for the junior and senior class." My eyes harden and I look away from her, ignoring her gesture. After a few moments of silence, she speaks again, "And you are who exactly?" I sit up and shove my notebook back into my bag quickly. I zip it up and grab my coffee, leaving the new teacher to sit alone. I burst through the doors that lead into the hallway and start towards the library.
I hear heels clicking behind me. "Hold it right there, young lady!" a voice calls. I stop and turn to glare back as Miss Davidson approaches me. She crosses her arms over her chest in frustration. "You do NOT walk away from me." I smirk cockily.
"Well I JUST did. What are you going to do about it?" I ask. She steps back, stunned that I was challenging her. She becomes firm again and places her hands on her hips.
"What is your name?" she asks sternly. I snicker.
"None of your business. You may be a teacher, but I sure as HELL don't have to listen to you." I turn on my heel, walking away once again.
"Either you tell me or the principal is going to be hearing about this." I turn around and throw my free hand into the air.
"What is he going to do? You don't know my name anyway, so it's not like he can do anything. Even if you did report me he wouldn't do shit." Her eyes widen as the words roll of my tongue.
"And why might that be?" I shrug my shoulders, tears welling up in my eyes.
"Because who would want to punish a kid with cancer?" Her jaw drops and I turn on my heel, leaving her there. I didn't have to take that. From anyone, ESPECIALLY her. I force my way through the entraceway of the school, and begin the long walk home.
Hello, and welcome to this story. This was made a while back and I don't really love this story because of how cliche it is. Anyways, thanks for checking this out, and I hope you enjoy!
Okay, so this is a little bit about Christina, I will also be calling her Chris in the story.
***
All About Christina
Hi, I'm Christina, but all my friends and family call me Chris. I'm kind of a tomboy, just by the way I dress.
I am twelve years old, and I'm going to middle school in a couple of days. I. Am. Terrified.
I'm not shy or anything, I'm just anti-social. I don't really like talking to many people. It's my nature.
I have a couple friends, their names are Zack and Jonah.
Oops forgot something. I have a twin sister. She's a total girly girl. She wears makeup where ever she is, she doesn't care the time of day, she wears "fashionable" clothes (aka trendy), which make her look like she's an eighteen-year old.
Her and her friend Maribell come together and try to dress me up, but I never let them. They annoy the heck out of me.
I live with my mom and Cindy. My dad is at work in Texas. He's a doctor and he's our main source of money. He pays for all our food, the bills, everything all the way from Texas. It's very sad that he's not here all the time because I miss him a lot. He's the only one who would let me dress the way I want, do whatever I want. (Not drugs. Stay away from drugs kids!)
And... Yeah that's basically all about me.
***
Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed the first chapter of the new and improved, MY MIDDLE SCHOOL CRUSH!!!! *edited*
~нιмуиαмєιѕмєкαуℓα
I'm just here ranting and shit so okaii Lml
Life Hacks:
1. Use lemon juice and olive oil to get rid of deep scars (I have two really ugly scars on the top of my hand where I had to have surgery on a broken arm a few years back and its lessening the appearance of them )
2. If you have a super hard time sleeping, listen to your favorite kind of music (examples for me are Pierce the Veil, Sleeping with Sirens, Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Fall Out Boy, Panic At The Disco, that stuff).
3. Almost every anime ever made is on YouTube.
4.  If you have a dog, don't give him sugar, it gives the same reaction as it would with children.
5. When you're doing lipsticks, always use lip liner at first, it prevents the lipstick from feathering later on.
6.  Paint your room and wait three days before going back in; the paint fumes will have dissipated by then.
Favorites
Oh my everloving Jesus guys, this book here on wattpad is ADDICTING and I would recommend you read it, and its called Accidentally On Purpose and it was written by Algort.
And the album 1989 by Taylor Swift has released and WOOOAHHHHHHHHH its so good.
And a song called The Deep End by Scary Kids Scaring Kids is absolutely amazeballs.
This website (and store) called Hot Topic is amazing and they have many amazing clothes.
And for you dog and animal people, my dog has been going crazy for these dog treats that we got at a local Walmart and they're the Busy treats and thy are so awesome!
Rant
Oh my god, so this has really upset me recently.
If you go on YouTube, you'll find that there are many  youtubers with a past, a past specifically with them being a different gender.
The thing that bugs me is that when you watch one of their videos and scroll through the comments section, many people are saying that God made them how they are, and its bad for them to change the body God gave them.
Hold onto your tits, I'm about to get mean.
God gave them that body for them to do what they want with. God wants you to be happy, not miserable. And if them changing their gender, their looks, their lifestyle makes them happy, its not your responsibility to reprimand them for being happy. Screw off. When it comes down to the apocalypse and all our work comes to a vibrant end, God will accept the ones who lived well, and didn't live in vain. He wants you to be happy. So, if being happy is dating the same gender or switching genders, its your life and I support you.
So screw off you discriminative wads of crap, and let them live their life, and you live yours. Keep your mouth shut and your opinion to yourself, because many people, including me, don't want to hear it.
I never really meant for things to happen this way. I was just trying to make the mental pain go away. I never meant to become, well, addicted to the physical pain. I never meant for the thoughts to get worse. I sure as Hell never meant for anyone to find out. I never wanted to end up in therapy.
But then I met Ashton. He became my main priority. He was the only one I cared for. Months at a time I was clean. A meal at a time I began eating. Day after day I fell for him more. Until Luke decided that he likes me too and ruined it all. Telling me I was worth a lot more than Ash could show me. Telling me he needed me and I needed him far more than Ashton needed me or I needed Ashton. I didn't know who to choose. I guess I never will.
AnRi is ariadne's nickname.~percy~Just a normal day hanging out with my friends, hazel, Nico, Jason and thals we were sitting on the beach.'Roman is better thals admit it!''No Jason Greek is way better!'Just arguing about who's better. Then Ariadne came running up to us.'Guys the gods want to see all of us except you thals, Artemis wants you to go back to the hunters.' She said. Thalia nodded and ran off.'What is it Ri?' Nico asked,' what do they want.''I don't know but Chiron sounded worried.' She frowned.'Lets go then,' hazel said.~time skip to Olympus~Zeus and Poseidon looked pissed!!!!'Children, you our not children of the gods of Olympus, and before you find out your true parents we must eliminate you.' Zeus said.'Wait, I know I'm not a child of Olympus!' Ri said'Child you are more powerful than even you know.' Athena said.We looked at eachother as Zeus raised his master bolt. We all got the message. RUN!We bolted.~Time skip a few weeks~~Ariadne~We were cornered. The hunters were closing in. The rest of the seven were on the next street. And the 5th cohort was only a block away. We have no where to go.'THALIA!' Jason screamed at his sister,' why are you doing this?' He had tears in his eyes.'They said you were plotting against Olympus, they said you were dangerous, too powerful.' She said, I noticed she had tears streaming down her cheeks as well.'Why would we do that thals?' Nico asked,' you know us!''They swore on the Styx,' she shouted. She raised her bow.'THALIA VOID, YOU STOP THAT RIGHT NOW,' a voice boomed out behind us, Thalia looked shocked.'That's not my name,' she said puzzled.'Yes it is child, you are my daughter.' The voice said. I turned around and saw a man in a black suit. With a jolt I realised he had the exact same hair colour as me. My hair was in a messy not on my head, but you could still plainly see, the exact same shade of black.'Who are you?' Nico asked.'Why son don't you recognise me?' The man asked.'You're chaos, aren't you,' I said eyeing him.'Why Ariadne, you always were the cleverest out of all of my children,' he laughed.'What do you mean you children?' I asked aiming my sword at him.'Why you are my children. I hid you on earth for when you were born there was a war on my planet, I didn't want to endanger you, so I sent you here.' He said.'You're lying,' hazel said.'My dear, I'm not.' Chaos said'He's not hazel,' I wasn't sure how I knew but I did.'Why Ariadne, well done. Now you, my children have a choice. You can stay here and let the gods catch you, or come home with me.' We looked at eachother.'Ok, we'll come,' percy said.'Ok so I have five of my children back but what about you Thalia, do you wish to come too?' Thalia looked shocked.'Well duh, if you're my family.' She nodded.'Come my children, they will be here soon.' He waved his hand and a portal appeared,' step through here and I will tell you more about your family.'We stepped through.~percy~'My children I must now unlock your full powers, percy you first,' I stepped forwards,' first I must tell you son that you are In fact a twin!' Wait what?'Ariadne you too,' she groned.'Does that mean I'm Percy's twin?''Yup,' dad grinned.'Who's older?' I asked.'Neither, you're brain children, like that children of Athena.' He said.'Wow that's weird.' I said.'Ok percy, you're the joint second most powerful being in the universe, joint with your twin. You and your sister both have almost the same amount of power as me, and are joint airs to the void.' He grabbed a ball of light and threw it at me. I crumpled to the ground and the others rushed forward.'I'm fine, I'm fine,' I said.'Oh and I just thought I'd let you know, your mother is Nyx,' chaos said.'Wait I hate her, and she hates me,' I said.'Hey at least you didn't grow up with her,' Ri said'Still, she's pissed about the Tartrus tour.' They all gave me a puzzled looked and I gave them a look back that said not now.An I'm to lasy to write them all getting their full powers so here they are.Ariadne- joint second most powerful being, most of chaos' power.Jason & Nico- joint third most powerful beings, three quaters of chaos' power.Thalia & Hazel- joint fourth most powerful beings half of chaos' power.
JACK P.O.V
It's been a year since I became a guardian but I still remember Elsa she is pretty hard to forget and I'm not going to forget anytime soon. The other guardians don't know this well, actually no one knows this but Jamie wasn't my first believer.My very first believer was Elsa but that was 200 years ago and we fell in love with each other. I really miss her even before I became a guardian I pleaded with Manny to bring her back I will love her endlessly. Sometimes when I'm not with the others I'd sulk in this clearing that of which was in a cave that no one knew about anyway I made it my own personal winter wonderland.Today though I could not sulk at my absolute favorite place since Elsa died, today Manny is choosing a new guardian I could only hope it's her but at the same time not let my emotions get the better of me because honestly I can't let Bunny torment me for the next 100 years. I feel that he unlike the others don't have the ability to be sympathetic even if he does then he has a funny way of showing it. But that's besides the point I have to make sure that my inner turmoil stays intact for everyone's sake because I could not risk my friends life because of my inner avalanche of loneliness. I can only hope either that's it's Elsa or my feelings don't get the best of me............but no one else can melt my frozen heart the way she can and I am pretty sure no one else will. Song input Girl I will wait By Bruno Mars.
(Okay hello this is my first story on wattpad and it's gonna be a cannon x reader)
First off (e/c) eye color (h/c) hair color (h/l) hair length (f/n) first name (l/n) last name
Second this is a romance, but I'm not into the perfect fairytales where everything is nice and dandy the whole time,
Or when the girl meets the boy and it's like "Omg lets be like Anna and Hons or Carly Ray Jepson's freaking "call me maybe"" No romances don't just poof we are dating and forever together now .-. Unless you are the girl who decided to date all my friends' c:
So yeh my stories will be Humorous, Stupid, Tragic, Sad. I will give out warnings though cause I'm not that evil c:
Thirdly I'm sorry if characters change just a bit or my grammar is horrific please be patient wit me v,v
Fourthly, yes I'm that dummy who only uploads every week or so but I promise I will upload like three to four parts at a time so yeh ^^
Ok well let's start us off with a Spencer Reid x Reader Story because I LOVE HIM TO DEATH GO MATTHEW GREY GUBLER YEH GO BOI!!!
"Hey _____ Briefing room in ten." Hotch said to you as he walked by telling the others.
"Mkay I'll be there" you replied closing the files on your computer and getting up turning around seeing Garcia as she came up to you giving you a big hug.
"____ you're back! I have missed seeing you for coffee every week" She said smiling as you nodded hugging her back.
"You too, I am glad I am back." You replied. You had been gone for three months after getting pulled from the team for a bit to do work for a different unit, and to slide in some more negotiation practice. You were glad to be home, not just in your own apartment, but here with Garcia, Morgan, Hotch, Prentiss, Spencer, JJ, and Rossi. You always felt at home here with everyone. After seeing Garcia it was time to go to the briefing room.
----Briefing room----
Inside the briefing room you sat down next to Rossi getting some papers for the case. JJ pulled up the case explaining what they would be working on. There has been multiple murders of mothers and abductions of their sons. In each case the son has been 13 to 15. 5 cases have been found and not a single boy found so far. All cases happening in Alabama. The team got up and got ready to leave.
As you got up you bumped into Spencer and laughed apologizing. Spencer shook his head and in his usual crackly adorable tone smiled "its fine no need to apologize ____" he replied dipping his head with a wave and walked out of the room you following behind him.
Half an hour later on the plane you sat quietly reading up on the case as the other did. Rossi and you began discussing the case. You enjoyed speaking to Rossi he was so wise and any smart person could tell he was just by his voice and his eyes. "Well the question is why he is abducting these boys and killing the mother?" Rossi asked looking at you. You thought about it, did they have a bad mother? Did something happen to their mother? Maybe something against single mothers? All the victims were single mothers
"From the looks the unsub is middle aged Male most likely, he could have had a rough past with a single mother of his own." You said softly looking at the boys and the mothers. JJ did say each mother has a history or a current problem with drugs, and that the boys weren't too great in school or had stopped going totally.
Spencer piped up hearing your conversation with Rossi "Most kids with parents under the influence of drugs have social problems, the unsub could see himself in those kids." You nodded softly agreeing. You looked out the window of the jet with tired eyes, you still had a long flight ahead of you. You have always had trouble sleeping on the jet or while working on cases. While everyone else dozed off you sat there awake.
"Hey kid you should get to sleep" You heard Rossi's voice behind you as he handed you a blanket and patted your shoulder. He was like an uncle to you just like how Hotch was like a dad.
"Thank you Rossi." You replied
"You're welcome" he said going back to his seat sitting down next to Morgan who was asleep along with JJ. The whole team has been so drained lately it's a bit depressing, but so is the job so you don't blame them, the job upset you too at times. You continued thinking to yourself 'We need to go have dinner together after this case..."
After the long flight where you had gotten ten minutes of sleep the jet landed. Everyone was up except for Morgan, you came up and nudged him softly "Hey Morgan we are here..." You said softly as Morgan woke up.
"Hey thanks (insert cute nickname because the author is a dumbass)" Morgan said in his deep smooth voice. You nodded heading out of the jet with the rest of the team.
----Killers POV----
((Yes this will be like the show I'm planning on having quotes too))
Five boys sat in a old concreate room together, one of them was freaking out just plain hysterical. "Look you need to stop freaking out we will be fine! He hasn't killed us so far right?" One boy said sitting on the floor with his hands over his head. The other three too scared to speak, all their clothes were dirty and grimy. There the noise of a door opening and someone coming down the stairs. It was a man, he came to the boys in the make shift jail sell tossing them some clothes.
"Change into these... I'll go wash your clothes..." the man said as those boys grabbed the clean clothes while the man started filling a large metal bucket full of warm water in the boys' cell. The boys drank some of the water and scrubbed there faces of the filth that covered them. The man smiled seeing this as he thought to himself 'I'll take good care of you.... I will make everything better for you."

----Teams POV----
You sat in a room taking on the phone while JJ spoke to the upset grandparents and uncles and aunts. "Garcia I need you to see how many people in a five hundred mile radius how many teenagers around 10 to 15 years ago lost their single mother who had drug habits please." You said into the phone.
"Ok honey leave it to me" Garcia said hanging up as you leaned back thinking for a bit this case seeming to just get to you and you didn't understand why, you just didn't like this case. Spencer walked through the doors with files in his hand and a coffee, the aroma from the coffee filled the room.
"Hey ___... I brought you some coffee." Spencers voice filled your ears and you smiled softly thanking him as you took the coffee, Spencer has always been so sweet to you sense you joined the unit.
"Hey Reid..." you said quietly to tell him about the case upsetting you
"Yeh ___?" Spencer replied looking at you with a blank yet happy look.
"This case....." you hesitated to tell him bringing yourself to totally change what you were gonna say "Do you think that maybe he knew the mothers...? Maybe sold the drugs to them..?" you said looking at him from the files.
"Actually that could be it that could be it. That's how he could find his victims." Spencer said thinking about it. That's when your phone rang, it was Garcia you picked up the phone answering it
"Hey Garcia find anything?" you asked. Garcia had found quite a few in the system. You had her narrow it down to middle aged white men with a job with very little social needs such as, shelf stocking, refilling vending machines and such. Garcia found three matches, you needed to narrow it down more but how?
"What about someone who has a past record of drugs, drug dealing, and violence towards women?" Spencer piped up and Garcia confirmed there was one man who matched the profile.
"Good job genius he has an address, its 129 XXXX dr." Garcia replied and you put your coffee down and left the room to tell everyone else. You saw Hotch
"Hotch Garcia found the unsub." You said quickly spewing the address "129 XXXX dr." Hotch nodded getting together the team. Spencer handed you your phone and started for the cars and you followed. You got into the passenger seat and Spencer got in the back and Rossi got in starting the car driving down the street Morgan and Prentiss behind you. Minutes later you pulled up to an apartment, you got out pulling out your gun heading in behind Rossi and Spencer. You headed into the living room while Rossi and Spencer headed to the other rooms.
"Spencer, ____! He's in here!" Rossi shouted. You rushed into the kitchen where there was rossi holding a man with greasy brown hair and an unshaven face against the wall. You had finally caught him but where were the kids? The entire place had been searched through and not a single boy had been found.

----Interrogation room----
You sat across the table from the man his name was 'Harold Jemeson'. You sat there going over the files then looked at the man "Do you have anything to do with the murders of five mothers and the abduction of their sons?" You asked looking at him with your piercing e/c eyes.
"No" he replied.
"Well we have found drugs and the numbers of the five mothers who were killed in your apartment. So just tell us where you are holding these boys?" You said sternly.
"I'm not holding them I'm housing them they are being taken care of."  he replied almost offended by what you said.
"Housing? Taken care of?" you questioned him then stood up walking around the table to him "You call this Taking care of someone? You killed their mother! You took them away from their friends! You are a terrible care taker for these boys!" you shouted to him. He became enraged and got up grabbing your shoulders shaking you violently as you tried getting him off you as he easily over powered you throwing you to the ground.
"You shut up! You don't know me! I take care of them greatly!" He shouted as Prentiss and Spencer came in quickly. Prentiss grabbed the man forcing him back into his chair as Spencer helped you up and took you out of the room, leaving the man with Prentiss.
Spencer hovered over you as JJ stopped the bleeding from your head, she was always so sweet; she was like a mother to everyone on the team. You shook your hands at them softly "I'm ok guys I just need to sit for a bit the bleeding will stop soon." JJ sighed and let you hold the rag on your head as she looked at spencer.
"Spence can you take _____ to the other room?" JJ said softly as she looked over at Prentiss in the interrogation room.
"Yeah." Spencer said softly grabbing your arm softly helping you get up and walked you to the other room and sat you down sitting in front of you with a worried look.
"Reid I'm okay don't look so worried" You said with a smile. Spencer has always worried about you, he never let you interrogate unless absolutely needed, he never let you go anywhere without him, Rossi, Hotch, Morgan, or Prentiss. Reid laughed softly as a soft pink brushed over his cheeks. Reid was.... He was blushing, was he embarrassed about you noticing how worried he gets about you?
"It's hard to not worry about someone like you" Spencer said in his hushed voice. You hit his shoulder softly as you chuckled.
"What's that supposed to mean?"  You asked looking at him.
"Well I've known you for a long time, and you are always getting scrapped up or bruised." Spencer got his sentence out finally then looked at you with his awkwardness. You smiled and wrapped your small arms around his shoulders as he hesitated then slipped his arms around your waist awkwardly
"You are such a sweet heart Reid..." You replied softly.
Agapito Ilustrado looked at the computer screen for a third time. He had been shocked to see the results were not in his favor. This had been the second time he had attempted to pass his bar exam, and this was his second failure at such attempt. Maybe he should haved studied more, read more, been more serious about the test. Or maybe, just maybe his family was entirely correct, he just doesn't have the stuff to be a good lawyer. Whatever the reasons, he knew for a fact that those results on the screen showed he did not pass.
Before you read please keep a positive outlook on the book it was my first book. I'm trying to get my writing skills up(not like it got better but gotta stay positive).
So bear with me, there is a lot of grammar and punctuation mistakes(I apologize). Also when you finish this book check out my other works.
DON'T FORGET TO VOTE, COMMENT AND SHARE.
XOXO-Kiana
(Edited)
I flinch everytime the sound of my father's hand makes contact with my mom's body. I try to block out the cries. Everytime he's done hitting her he usually start to drink. I've tried stopping it but just turns worst against my mom.I was an only child which I was grateful and sad for. I wouldn't have like my brother or sister to live with what I did. My mom by day work and night a punching bag. Our life continued like this until one time was almost our end.
******
"LISA!" The voice of my boss pulls me out of my thoughts. I've learn not to flinch each time she yells. I think of it as the way she talks.
This was job number- I lost count. I would at first loose them because my dad would leave bruises in my arms. I tried covering them but one way or another but my bosses would found them.Not good for their image.
I know its not their fault but my dad's.
"I need you to get table 6 sweet tea." Ahh, yes sweet tea runs out here as quick as our money for rent. Happens when you live Texas. I get up and make my way to the table.
I try not to groan when I realize who was sitting at the table. Image if home was bad place,so school was close to it. I had no friend they all thought I was weird because I chose to read books and spend a lot of time in the library it got worst when they found out my mom and I were beaten until my dad's satisfaction was feed.
Then no one would even look at me.
I've never had a best friend or a boyfriend. Who I'm kidding I never even been kissed! How sad for a close to twenty year old, but I'm over it. I realized at 15 that I didn't need all that in high school to feel complete I just needed to worried about studies. I was great in school I love English class I love to take my journal out and write love stories. I love romance. The warm feeling the characters would get about each other. The way in the end they would stay together.
I graduate.
But I didn't get to go to college. We didn't have enough money to send me.
So now at the age of 19 almost 20 I'm  still trying to save money. I however still write stories. In hope that one day I get published.
"Well if it isn't the bruised bookworm." And of course I would get bullied (verbally) at school. By no other than the queen bee, Annabelle Williams.
The perfect girl.
Captain cheerleader, dating the quarterback, but screwing other guys behind his back. Probably he was doing the same. Together they ruled the school and made my life hell.
"Hi, what can I get you. " I ask in the same voice I ask everyone else. Pretending not to know them.
"Well I'll have something your bruised arms won't touch. " Annabelle orders.
I ignore them, trying to not let them get to me. I'm surprise not even with school over they can't get over the high school life. In the real world being prom king and queen won't make you more special.
"I'll have smashed pattatos, just like your dad left your mothers face." David Anderson, former quarterback, and Annabelle boyfriend say. Even if the comment is as corny as it get. It makes me that my mom would even come out of his mouth.
I can't, I just can't handle when they talk about my mom. They don't know what we went through. No one ever will.
"Don't talk about my mom ever. You don't know what happen and have absolute no right to offend anyone who is not here to defend themselves. SO MIND YOUR BUSINESS!!!" I yell not caring what they think of me but none messes with my mom.
"What is going on here! "My boss yells coming to stand by the table.
Dangit.
I was about to respond when Annabelle interrupts me.
"We were just ordering when she started yelling. Did you check her to see if she was stable enough to work here. "Annabelle explains, in her own words.
Sam turns and looks at me.
"I didn't do-"
"Leave." She doesn't let me finish. "But that's not-"
"Get out."
"Sam-"
"Get out before I get Kevin to do it." With no other choice I go and get my things, right before leave I see Annabelle and David looking as if they made a big accomplishment. Then they turn and look at me.
With smugness written all over their face they smile and wave.
*****
I had gather all of my things before getting out of the restaurant. I sigh thinking of what I'm going to tell my mom in how I got fired, again. That the single fact that my dad isn't here with us his name will always haunt us.
When I tell her she'll go and try to get herself another job. It'll be more pressure on her. She can't handle it. All she ever does is work.
I need time to think.
I decide to take a detour before going home. I walk to the closest park by my house.
I sit on a bench, looking at the mom's watching their kids playing with others and dad's teaching their sons to play football.
What would this feel like to have a loving ,big family. I think.
But dismiss the thought. My mom said that now that I'm older I can get the life I always deserved. I say what we always deserved.
I think of what kind of mother I would be or the most imporant how would my husband treat me.
I sigh, get up to walk home. I try not to cry. Crying will only show weaknest I wish not to show. I'm strong and will continue to be strong for my mother and me.
******
I enter my home ,well the 2 bedroom apartment with to many problems to fix. I drop my stuff and walk to the kitchen. I look to see if there is anything to cook probably not enough to cook a big meal but maybe just enough.
******
"Lisa?" I hear my mom's voice as she enters the apartment.
"In the kitchen. " I yell, finish setting up the table to eat.
"Your early. " my mom comments as she walk into the kitchen. I'm scared to tell her why but its now or never.
I decide that maybe it's better if I tell her after we eat.
******
"What's wrong. " My mom statements, not a questions. I really didn't want to worry her but I will do what it takes to make her happy its what she deserves.
"I was fired. But I'm already looking for a job." I look at my mom under my lashes.
She looks more tried then ever, her eyes lost their shine and so has her hair. She looks twice her age. Her once shiny, healthy blond hair dull, her hazel eyes lifeless. I look nothing like her yet at the same time I'm a spitting image of her.
My eyes are dull brown. The only thing still looks alive is my hair long, black as midnight and curly. I don't look like my dad, he had brown hair and honey color eyes. I think I look like my grandma she had brown eyes my hair however remained a mystery. I'm though grateful I look nothing like that man.
"Its fine Lisa you shouldn't even be working you should be at school making your dreams come true, but instead your working your butt off for nothing." My mom tries to make me feel better it's not working. Becaus everyday that passes I feel that my dreams could slip through my fingers more and more each day. Then one day I will be nothing but a lifeless person with no hope what so ever. But then I remember there are people who in the world have absolutely nothing. I think of how our lige would be if we were still living with that man and how truly then we would be dead in the inside. We would be nothing but puppets living until it was time for us to leave this world.
"Look I can ask my boss if I could work more hours and-"
"NO. You will not work more, Mom I will find a job that can pay me more and then when we have a enough. Maybe I could go back and go to college." I interrupt, I will not make her work more if the only thing in my life is to make my mom happy so be it. I will bring and be her biggest joy in life. That I promise.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Hello guys so I would just like to thank y'all for giving me book a try. I hope you enjoy it. It's my first time to write and actually let people see it. And this is my first book here on wattpad. So if you have suggest or comments regarding my book feel free to leave comments but all I ask is that you please put it in the nicest way. All I ask. Until next time.
-love, Lastinlove❤
Four Weeks.
My dear Harper,
At four weeks you start to realize that your body feels different, you feel sore, sometimes you feel nauseous. You don't know why, but you know that something is different. At this point in a pregnancy your child is just a fertilized egg burrowing into your uterus, intent on making a home for itself. Your symptoms will be slight, a barely noticeable feeling of fatigue, queasiness and bloating. If I am going to be more accurate I realized that I was pregnant at 4 weeks, 3 days and 2 hours. It might be odd that I know exactly what time I conceived my child, but it might only be odd for people that had never really planned for a baby. Most children are wonderful accidents, conceived in a fit of passion. That isn't the case with me, I wanted a child more than anything. I was one of those children, you see, a child conceived in a fit of passion and lust. My parents were not married, did not get married and died married to others, when they clearly loved each other. Some people simply choose to ignore what their hearts not only want, but need. My husband, your father, and I met three years ago, when he walked into my restaurant and ordered a steak, medium rare, garlic mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli. He gave compliments to the chef and when I walked out to thank him, I realized that love at first sight was a very real and very scary thing. The next 8 months were spent making dinners, watching movies, learning each other and falling even more in love. I was captivated by this man, his heart, his thoughts. When he turned to me one Tuesday night and asked if I wouldn't mind spending my life with him, how could I not shout yes after throwing my head back and laughing at his cheeky grin. It was delightfully scary but so wonderful at the same time. I was 23 years old, and I was already ready for the rest of my life with this man. It only took 4 months for the thought of a child to burrow its way into my heart, a thought that circled my mind day after day, a thought reinforced when I was met with his positivity and excitement at the idea. We were going to have a baby. My husband and I had wanted a baby for precisely 19 months. 19 months of ovulating charts and timelines, tracking my periods, et cetera. Wanting a child, and not being able to conceive one is a pain I've realized, like no other. So you may be able to imagine the joy and shock as I sat in that doctors office at 2:36 on October 15th, the moment that I realized you were very real. Then again, you might imagine the pain and sorrow as I discovered that my husband was not as faithful and loving as I thought. A realization that I came to at 4:47 that same day, too excited to stay at work and wanting to prepare a special dinner to reveal the news to him. I never knew that my husband had a lust for big chested blondes, or that he had a fetish for having relations with them in our bed. My darling Harper, you were barely alive, and you had already met your first womanizer.
Love, Your Mommy
Emma's pov
"Emma, wake up." Sean said.
I shot up from my bed and said "what is it?"
"The crew and I are going to L.A. It's where we could get bigger at. We want you to come." Sean said
"Sean I can't, I'm not leaving mom, dad, or Austin. I just can't do it Sean. You and the mob mean so much to me, but I can't leave people behind." I said.
"Please, Em. Were gonna need you." Sean begged.
"Sean, I said no. I'm sorry." I said.
Sean nodded and grabbed his suit cases. They were taken outside and put in our friend Ed's car.
I ran up to Sean and hugged him. Tears filling my eyes.
"Promise you'll call." I said.
"Promise." Sean said hugging me back.
Sean pulled away and walked towards the car. He sat down and drove off to start a new life.
(2 years later)
I was sitting in my room waiting for the call from Sean I knew I wasn't going to get. I wasn't just waiting for that, I was waiting for my parents.
2 hours had passed and my parents weren't home. I picked up my phone about to call my mother when my dad called.
"Dad?" I asked.
"Is this Emmilee?" Someone asked.
"Yes." I answered.
" I'm sorry honey , your parents got into and accident and they have passed." The man said.
Tears were rushing down my face as the man hung up the phone. I called Sean but it went straight to voicemail as usual.I called Austin and he said I could move in with him.
I packed what I needed and drove to Austin's. He hugged me  and helped me get things sorted.
"Thanks Austin." I said.
"Anything for my baby." Austin said.
I smiled and walked upstairs to get sleep.
(3 months later)
Things in Florida weren't so good for me. I because depressed and Austin started drinking to much. He usually came home everyday drunk. I was usually abused and bleeding. One morning when Austin wasn't drunk I sat down to talk to him.
"Austin, you have beat me to the point where I'm breathing while I'm dead. I don't want to be with a man like that, I don't want to be with you anymore. I've become depressed and I need to see family right now. Things between us aren't working out. I'm breaking up with you." I said.
"YOU WILL NOT LEAVE ME." Austin shouted. I then felt a hand across my cheek and was out cold.
I woke up and looked around to make sure Austin was gone. I grabbed all of my belongings and called a taxi.
After being picked up by the taxi I went to the airport and bought a ticket to L.A.
(After plane)
I texted Ed when I got off the plane and asked him where they practiced.
He told me where and I called a taxi to take me.  I got to the building and walked inside.  Luckily I was wearing  dance clothes so I walked upstairs to the room they practiced in and opened the door.
Sean was teaching a few moves to someone so he didn't look back. I put my bags down and ran up to Sean jumping on his back.
"WHAT THE HELL." He screamed.
I got off his back and he faced me.
"Guess who changed their mind on dancing?" I said.
"This girl." I added .
Sean hugged me and looked closer at me.
"What happened to you?" Sean asked.
"Austin, kinda got drunk and um hit me." I said.
"I'm gonna kick his ass." Ed said.
"Let's talk about something else. How about you introduce me to the crew." I said.
Sean introduced me to everyone and I felt at home again.
Sean's  girlfriend Andie was the funniest person I had ever met. I could tell we would get along great.
Ivy's POV
I stood in front of the mirror. I sighed. My dark long blonde curly hair was scraped up into a neatish ponytail. I was stood in front of the living room mirror. Charlie was sat on the arm of the chair 'Babe, you look beautiful' he told me. I rolled my eyes. He smiled at me 'Everything okay?' He asked 'Tie straight: check. Clean uniform: check. Pretty shoes: check. Possibly the smallest person in Y9? Check. Okay, everything is perfect' I say, making a check list, turning around and smiled at him. Charlie stands up and pulls me into a hug 'You'll be fine, I'll come to the main office with you so you can get your planner and timetable, okay?' He asks 'Okay' I smile at him. He kisses my forehead 'Okay, kids time for school!' Karen was quite cheerful for 8:10AM. We just laughed. I grabbed my new bag and Charlie grabbing his bag and we walk out the door.'You know, Ava, Ash, Pixi, Perrie and Bella go to Winterbourne, so you won't just have me' he smiled while saying this 'I think Ava told me, I can't remember' I shrugged 'If you have the same timetable as me you'll have P.E today but don't worry, the P.E staff will just let you watch the lesson' he explained. I bit my lip.'I haven't been to school since I was 11' I sigh, while looking down at my shoes and watch my feet walk 'Ivy, you'll be fine, I promise you' he grabbed hold of my hand. I nod to myself slightly. He wrapped his arm around my waist 'Just believe', isn't that one of your favourite singers motto?' He smiled 'Actually, Mr. Lenehan, my favourite motto is 'Love Life Be Hippy'' I raised my eyebrow 'I thought you knew me' I said dramatically 'Same old Ivy's back' he laughed 'How can same old Ivy be back when she didn't change?' I asked, smirking 'Cheeky' he laughed at me. I giggled 'I feel a little better now' I say to Charlie 'Good, you'll be okay at break and lunch?' He asked. I nod 'Yes' I smile to myself and think how caring he is.'Promise?' He asked 'Promise' I say 'Maybe 'Promise' can be are 'Always'' he smiles at me 'Hate to break it to you but we aren't in 'The Fault In Our Stars'' I laugh 'Ivy! I was trying to be cute' I rolled my eyes and giggled 'You're such a Charlie. In a good way' I smile 'Good' he smiles.
***
Ivy's POV
I had been to the main office and turns out I am in the same lessons as Charlie. Mini celebration. Anyway, I was in my first lesson of high school... ENGLISH! And I thought it was cool. We got to write stories and everyone moaned but I was happy, cuz when you live on the streets you don't get to use paper and a pen, unless you find paper in the bathroom toilet and you would possibly have to steal a pen from Argos. I wrote away, we could write about anything so I wrote about a girl named Jade who lived on the street and how she was saved. My story basically just not my name and Leo's and Charlie's. And Ashla was in all my classes, and we sat next to each other in every lesson. Yay! My day was going fine... Until break.
Authors Notes
CLIFFHANGER!!!! Haha. You probably know what's coming next......... But I'm not saying. Haha. I'm so funny. Not. Anyway, I'm back and this time, it's Ivy progressing in life. That's a word I never thought I'd say, but I just did. Sorry, just watch Grav3yardgirl. She's the best, apart from Zoella, SprinkleOfGlitter, PointlessBlog and ii SuperWoman ii. Anyways, must go. Bye!
-Lou👽
I watched him from a distance as he walked in and climbed the stairs to his usual seat in the back corner of the classroom next to his girlfriend of the week. He threw his bag on the ground and slumped down into the chair. I kept staring at him, watching his every move in disgust. He smoothed his blonde hair back, making sure not to mess up his quiff.
Niall Horan was the player of the school. He had a new girlfriend practically every week it seemed, and all he wanted to do with them was mess around. He only cared about himself, and he had no respect for anybody else. I hated him. Ever since I first laid eyes on him I hated him.
The professor for our first class, Mr. Lynch, walked in and took attendence. Then he began lecturing about some boring topic that I would never need to know in the future. I drew my attention back over to Niall, who was now flirting with the girl sitting in front of him. Her name was Maya. I've known her since eigth grade. She was never really one of my closest friends, but I still liked her, and we were friends for awhile at one point. She went out with Niall for a short time, and then one day she went crying down the hallway and spent the rest of the day in the girls' bathroom. I remember trying to comfort her, but she wouldn't let anybody talk to her. I haven't said much to her since then and that was last year.
Niall kept stroking Maya's hair and she kept trying to smack his hand away, but he wouldn't stop. This was him daily. He tormented almost every girl on the Boston College campus, at least in our class. Luckily he hasn't done much to me yet, but I keep waiting for the day that he does try and pull something over on me.
I have to admit he is very attractive. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. He has a soft looking face that you never want to look away from and he has an adorable Irish accent. Everything about him when you just look at him invites you in. It's just his personality and reputation that turns you off.
Mr. Lynch let us out early from class because he had given us a large assignment and wanted us to start working on it. I got up from my seat, placed my things in my bag, and walked out of the classroom. I stopped by a bench in the hallway to make sure I didn't leave anything because I felt like I was forgetting something.
"Did you forget something, Ella?" his Irish accent said from next to me. I didn't even know he knew my name. I looked over at him and he was holding one of my notebooks. I grabbed it out of his hands and placed it in my backpack. I threw it over my shoulder and started to walk away. He came in front of me and placed his hand against the wall, blocking me from passing by him.
"Where do you think you're going? Aren't you going to say thank you?" he asked me.
"Thanks. Now excuse me, I need to get to my next class." I said.
"You're next class doesn't start for awhile." he said, still blocking my path.
"Well, I like to be early."
"We should hang out sometime."
'If you think I'm going anywhere with you then you're head isn't screwed on right." I snapped.
"Ouch."
"Please move."
"Come on Ella, just one time. I know you want to."
"What?"
"I see the way you look at me in class." he said.
"Yeah, it's called a look of disgust and hatred. You should be used to it."
"Wow, shots fired."
"Look if you haven't realized, I don't really like you so you're just wasting your time and mine."
"I just want to get to know you better. "
"I have to go." I pushed my way past him and left him standing there alone in the hallway. I made it to my next class without him chasing after me or catching up which was good.
"Ella!" I heard my best friend Sara call.
"Hey Sara." I said sitting down in the seat next to her. I was just about to tell her what happened in the hallway when the bell rang.
"I'll tell you after." I said as the professor started class.
********************************************************************
At the end of class Sara and I walked to our next class together and I told her about my encounter with Niall. I tell her literally everything. She's been my best friend for the longest time.
"He did not! Ella, you can't let him take advantage of you. You've seen what he's done to those other girls. He's practically ruined them."
"I know Sara, and that's what I'm afraid of. What if he keeps trying to flirt with me and stuff?"
"Just avoid him. He's trouble."
"I know, I will." I said with a sigh.
*****************************************************
Once I got back to my dorm after all my classes, I dropped my backpack on the ground and laid on my bed staring at the ceiling. The whole day I kept thinking about my encounter with Niall. Why did he say we should hang out sometime? Why did he want to get to know me better? Why was he even talking to me? I knew I had to stay away from him. I didn't want to end up being his next puppet girlfriend.
[Zoey's POV]
"ZOELLA ELAINE BLAKE GET THE HELL UP YOU LAZY BOZO FREAK!" A familiar voice echoed throughout my small prison cell, I mean messy room.
"Five more minutes James" I mumbled angrily into my pillow.
"You seriously don't want to be late on the last day of school like you were on the first,do you? She chuckled while attempting to grab my pillow from beneath my head.
I flipped her off and wrapped the pillow around my head, hoping to block out her naggy mother voice.
She never dealt with my childish crap so we eventually played tug of war with the cushioned sack for what seemed like years or centuries, but I eventually gave up since she is a thousand times stronger than me. This is what I get for choosing Starbucks over the gym after school. What the hell am I talking about I'm a white girl at heart and hella proud. But having some muscle would be pretty sweet and could get me my first boy toy.
"Nice try young pathetic weakling, but you are no match towards the strong, glorious samurai." She swung her arm in a karate chop formation and kicked the air, very close to my face.
"Alright, Alright Alivia you win." I growled while slowly rolling off the bed. I somehow forgot that we had wood flooring for like 2 seconds so my side loudly smacked on to the floor. I winced in pain and almost cussed like a sailor for the whole world to hear but didn't so I wouldn't wake up my cranky parents.
"Get up loser we have to arrive at the jail in less than an hour, if you need me I will be helping myself to your mom's famous chocolate chip pancakes. Hurry up!" She sang while skipping down the hallway and down the stairs.
"Another day in this fabulous paradise." I said whispering into the comfy rug.
I slowly pushed myself off of the hard floor and headed towards my bathroom to take a shower. I plugged my Ipod into my speakers so I could jam out to music. Somehow Alivia's playlist got mixed with mine and the song, "Buckwild" by Taylor Rupp and Dillon Caniff or whatever their idiot names are, blasted throughout my room and almost caused my ears to bleed, or worse, make me go death.
"Enough of that Drake, wannabe rap crap." I huffed whiled switching it to 5SOS.
After I was done in the shower I walked out and changed in to a pair of ripped light denim high waisted shorts, a black tribal crop top, green camouflage army jacket, slipped on grey knee high socks, and put on my favorite pair of white leather doc martens.
I pulled my insanely long dark brunette hair, or shall I say lion's mane, into a high ponytail and braided back my bangs. I wasn't a big fan of covering my face in barbie doll makeup, so I only applied mascara and blush before grabbing my bag and tie dye pennyboard before heading out.
"Did you leave me any little miss Piggy?" I called down to Alivia, who was quickly devouring a plate of MY heavenly and flawless pancakes, and had her eyes glued to her iphone, scanning through social media. She was so deeply concentrated that she almost missed her mouth when trying to drink a glass of orange juice and spilled some on the counter. She didn't notice that she was using her new scarf to mop it up.
"Can't. Talk. New. Magcon. Photoshoot. So. Many. Ab. Closeups. Can't. Breathe. Or. Think. Holy. Good. Lord. Damn." She paused between each bite.
"Someone sounds extremely d-ehydrated, maybe we can hit the beach tomorrow and find some real sexy college babes." I stick my tongue out at her.
She just smirked at herself like she was doing something sneaky, probably sending embarrassing, ugly snapchats or found the boys nudes. The world may never know.
I rolled my eyes and grabbed a granola bar out of the pantry. Alivia was terribly obsessed with this Vine group called, "Magcon", which is basically just a group of rambunctious, random weirdo guys that have gotten famous for making 6 second pointless videos. I only believe they got popular for their gorgeous looks rather then having actual talent.
"Quit worshipping and drooling over these hooligans it's embarrassing." I shiver in disgust and keep my distance.
She slammed her empty OJ cup on the counter and stared at me with dangerous, creepy devil eyes. Her jaw dropped and her phone almost did too out of her strong grip.
"Excuse me? These guys are comedy gold. Their angel looks are just a huge bonus.Your just jealous because you have a crappy sense of humour miss old fart." She huffed and snapped her fingers, trying to act like the sass queen of burnville. She also watches too much of Trevor Moran, luckily I don't mind fangirling over the creative genius.
"Ouch that really hurt my fragile heart, I think I might have a major heart attack. Never mind I can't find any fucks to give, lost them 16 years ago." I first grasp my chest dramatically, acting like I got punched and fell on the couch. Then stood back up, brushed myself off, and stuffed the rest of my breakfast in my mouth, spitting on her in the process.
"How the hell did we meet again-" she tried to finish but I cut her off once I saw the time on my watch.
"CRAPPITY CRAP WE ARE LATE ALREADY, COME ON SLAGGER!" I loudly announce.
I grabbed her wrist and dragged her out the front door, causing the plate to drop and break on the floor, scaring the shit out of my cat and causing me to almost trip over him while riding my board down the driveway.
"MR.SOFTY CUDDLY WATCH OUT BUDDY IM TOO YOUNG TOO DIE!" I yell behind me.
Once again we get friendly and freaked out looks from my poor elderly neighbors. Alivia and I just ride by and wave like psychos, the usual normal routine.
[~15 minutes later~]
We finally arrived at the hellhole almost an hour later. We took a deep breath and burst through the double doors. Everyone was dancing around and throwing papers and homework in all directions. Did we just teleport in to a High School Musical movie? Alivia and I ran to our lockers, then all the way to the other side of our freakishly large school to our first period.
"After finals we are definately hitting the mall, I got a huge surprise for the both of us!" She squealed to herself. She rubbed her hands together like she planned an illegal, mastermind plan. What can I say? This chick is my number one partner in crime and sidechick/sidehoe.
"Is Victoria Secret having a sale on their crazy, insanely expensive sexy bra's and panties?!" I mocked her while jumping up and down like a kid recieving their first gift on Christmas morning or for their birthday, almost screaming.
Being the socially awkward idiot that I am I got the luck of having this outrageous immature outburst when the whole football team walked by modeling in their uniforms, some whistled and some snapped pictures or filmed my sarcastic freakout. My cheeks turned a bright pink and I physically smacked my head while linking arms with Liv and yanking her in to the classroom once we arrived.
"Well I just ruined the next two years of my High School life by humiliating myself in front of the whole school. Oh well I hate everyone here anyway, just tell me what the surprise is" I quickly changed the subject while hiding behind my History book and skimmed through my finals notes.
"You'll see." She was quietly yodeling/snorting from the incident then winked at me, this means she planned something awesome, or she was about to have an odd seizure i couldn't tell.
"I swear I need to be baptized by Jesus after seeing Magcon's new photoshoot in L.A, I almost fainted at my grandma's funeral last weekend Brittany." A snotty popular chick screached behind me, smacking her gum like there was no freaking tomorrow.
" I swear my eyes and whole face became paralyzed Ashley from looking at Cameron's steel perfect ass, I'll definitely be grabbing it and claiming him himself at the VIP event today." She laughed histarically like a dying seal and loudly clapped her hands together repetitively.
"Oh my gawd I know right?! Like I couldn't even concentrate on shoe shopping or flirt with nerds so they could do my algebra homework, now I have stained rip off dr.martens and an F! But it was so worth it girl. You can have his ass but I get to touch gilinsky's rock hard, solid abs." She sighed.
"Can y'all chatty white chicks shut the hell up please some of us actually want to learn and not grow up to be obnoxious air heads like you." I tried my hardest to hold myself back and not throw my backpack at their spaced out, disgusted faces.
"It's a free country loser and if I want to discuss important business of my own with Brittany I can, now turn around you strange freakshow." She giggled and high fived her BFF, causing her to break one of her fake ass nails and wail in pain and anger.
The whole class just groaned and they both received some "shut up you whore's" and "someone please kill me's", even from the teacher who was awoken from her deep slumber at her desk. She ended up passing out for the millionth time.
"People are dying from dangerous/deadly diseases, losing jobs and becoming homeless, and kids are starving in Africa, it's not the end of the world if your stupid ugly manicure is ruined." I rolled my eyes and turned back around, proudly fist bumping a speechless Liv.
"She's just jealous that we have personal tickets to go see our future husbands and she's gunna grow old and alone with her pink haired lover next to her." Brittany comforted Ashley.
I snapped my freshly sharpened pencil in half and was strongly tempted to throw it at her but Liv grabbed ahold of my arm and made me drop it.
"Lucky bitches. Better count your blessings." I grumbled.
"Remember Blake, Revenge and karma is gunna kick your ass in the future very soon." Ashley angrily spat.
"The quicker we take our final tests the faster I can take you to go see our big ass surprise Chica." Liv patted my back.
She was right I was just waisting my breath and time on a couple of fake, plastic manicans.
[ After School ]
"Woooooooo Freaaakinng Hooooooo! We are finally freed from Heeeell!" I sang while dancing like a boss in the school parking lot, breathing in the fresh, hot summer air. I secretly flipped off the principal and the running teachers behind their backs.
Alivia covered her eyes and shamefully shook her head. She threw me my penny board, almost hitting me in the gut with force, and jumped on her longboard racing in front of me down a hill a few blocks away.
"NO FAIR I WAS HAVING A GLORIOUS SPECIAL ZOEY MOMENT- ah fuck it she can't hear me." I zoomed down the road after her, almost getting hit by idiot high school drivers.
She blasted another 2Virgins or Shawn Mendes (aka her future husband) song from her IPod while we were on our long journey to the mall. I didn't really care since we escaped the devils, torturous prison. The closer we got the louder the sound of blood curdling screams from girls got, it was freaky. Hopefully there wasn't a massive shooting going on nearby.
"Looks like they're super excited for the gigantic surprise also." Liv pointed towards the young teens and kids running down the sidewalk, it looks like they were following a bus of some sorts. Thought it was an Icecream truck at first and almost joined them, but noticed it wasn't playing annoying tunes and it was too fancy looking.
"Did you want to surprise the whole town or country?" I asked while we turned into the town center parking lot.
"Let's just say you won't be the only one joining in on this killer party, you'll be crashing the hell out of it." She was trying so hard to not drop any hints or let her plan slip out of her big blabber mouth.
We jumped off of our boards and ran inside, pushing our way through the crowd of insane hormonal pre-teens who blocked the doors. Flashes of they're cameras almost blinded me and i was very close to become a splattered human pancake from being pushed and trampled. Luckily there was a few bodyguards that watched the situation so there wouldn't be a horrific death scene, mentally giving them a round of applause for not helping a struggling girl out in this insane mess.
"Come on Zoey! We need to head towards the ticket booth in the front so we can get through and inside safely in one piece!"
"Don't give up on me you pathetic soldier! Move your weak ass!" Liv called out/ordered while almost yanking my arm off and pulling me through the mob of rug rats, practically saving my life.
I thought I was just hearing things when she said "ticket booth" like we were just about to meet a famous celebrity or there was a concert inside. But apparently I wasn't mistaken because she pulled two VIP tickets out of her back pocket that read "MAGCON" in big letters. Before I could argue we were being let in by security and she ran to a small stage area in the middle of the food court along with a line of booths.
"You have got to be kidding me! I don't want to meet these dumb idiots!" I overreacted.
"Oh come on pretty please? Tomorrow's my birthday and I want to celebrate it by meeting my idols! Besides I need to know if we won the contest, you know the one I've been talking about for the past month?" She tugged on my jacket and squealed like a rat.
That's when it hit me, not the heavenly smell of freshly baked cinnabons or salty buttery pretzels, but the realization from her smart point. The past month I've just blocked her out of my head or ignored her whenever she rambled about social media pop sensations, but one out of the gazillion conversations that we had about it she mentioned that we could travel around the U.S and visit the ancient cities on my overcrowded bucket list. This would be our only open opportunity to have a blast and a non-forgettable summer to remember.
"There's like zero chance that we will win against the thousands, excuse me trillions, of desperate fangirls that sighed up probably months and months ago, for you I will try my hardest to not bitch and complain through my suffering and play nice like a little innocent princess when we meet the bozos. As long as you buy me coldstone Icecream." I tried to negotiate since she was the birthday girl and I love her to death.
"YAY! And I can't wait to cruise on the road and take lots of exciting/dangerous adventures when we WIN Chica!" She struck out her hand with confidence, awaiting my invitation, in which I proudly accepted while we made our way to heavens delicious creation.
We had about an hour until the concert, thingymabob celebration party started so we decided to just chill and relax, which would probably consist of me trying to calm her down while she's hyperventilating or having an anxiety attack about trying to look like sexy girlfriend material.
Luckily there wasn't a long ass line that would take centuries to get to the front and I wouldn't have to plant my grave where I stand, we were the first ones there. Liv ordered our usual, extreme chocolate cookie dough madness in a sprinkle waffle cone, ( I just made that flavor up XD), then happily paid no matter how many times I sassed or protested to pay for my individual broke ass self. I was going to apply here for a job once but Liv knew, or even the whole world knew I would eat all the ice cream every chance I got and have them run out every day.
I was about to happily take my first lick while quickly turning around, but that perfect addictive moment was ruined when all of a sudden a rainbow tie dye covered dude slammed into me, causing my freezing cold Ice cream to slam into my chest. My jacket became a sticky icky mess and surrounding families roared with laughter.
I'm pretty sure the hot steam coming out of my ears was melting the Icecream, creating a large puddle on the floor, this was a pretty depressing scene and I wish I would disappear out of thin air like this day was just one big nightmare.
"I'm SO sorry man! Hey, uh, are you okay lady?" I heard the guy say in a goofy accent.
I guess I was still in shock because him and Liv had to snap me out of it by flicking me or repetitively snapping their fingers in sync in front of my dazed face. I shook my head and looked up at his deep brown orbs, now I know why he puts girls in delirious trances, they weren't too bad looking. Not angel eyes but not the devil eyes either, y'know?
What the hell am I saying?! He ruined my perfect delicious masterpiece and spilled it all over me like it was no big deal! Sure, like I actually enjoying being a human target for foolish strangers to throw arctic cold treats at me, oh hell to the fucking no. I was about to bitch slap the stupid out of him but Liv was having an outrageous, crazy anxiety freak out attack. She was stuttering like a mad women and I think she was almost sweating like a pig?
"Oh my gosh you're- you're-"
CLIFFHANGER MY BEAUTIFUL AND STUNNING BEYOTCHES! XD although I'm pretty sure you know who it is since y'all are extremely smart ;)
Phew I thought this chapter was sort of long (probably wasn't) it just took so much time to come up with some creativity and humor to make it fun. It's pretty dang random in my personal opinion.. buut I wanted to make it sort of different then the other amazing fan fictions 😊😆
It's about to get crazy on this roller coaster so strap yourselves in for some strange excitement that will blow your minds!
Next chapter should be up in a few days 👏👏👏 (thank The Lord and the government for giving us thanksgiving break can I get a hallelujah!?)
Love you my amazing koala bears 🐨
~Amanda
She was running threw the forest holding her bleeding, limp arm as she ran. She was bleeding heavily and running only made it worst. She looked behind her and saw what seemed to be hell hounds were chasing her. There seemed to be about 5 of them. She looked ahead of her and noticed someone in blue standing in her way. As she was coming to a stop, she tripped and slid in front of him. She saw his sword in his hip. Yamato, the sword of Vergil. Her eyes went wide and she stood up. The hounds came to a stop and surrounded them.
"You. Your the woman I'm looking for.."
She looked at Vergil and at an instant, her body felt limp and hit the ground then felt something warm on her hand. She looked at it and saw it was her own blood. It was red and it reminded her of someone who she never knew. Dante, Vergil's twin. She looked up at Vergil and saw the tip of Yamato in her face.
"V-Vergil....."
He glared at her "now die!"
-In reality-
She woke in her bed in a cold sweat. She was breathing heavily then her door swung open. It was her father. "May! Is everything alright?! I heard you screaming!"
She turned on the lamp next to her bed and looked at him "y-yes father. I'm fine. Just..had a bad dream is all. Didn't mean to wake you...forgive me"
He sighed "would you mind telling me what it was abo-"
"Vergil"
His eyes widened "Vergil you say?" He looked away then looked at his daugher as he walked over to her. He sat on her bed and put a hand on her shoulder "May, my daughter, if you ever see him, please run. He is the son of my trusted friend and he is dangerous." He looked at her with a sturn look
"I will."
He nodded once. "Would you tell me the whole dream May?"
She told him her dream and every detail that happened
"So...it's that time huh?" He spoke to himself
"What's wrong father? You look worried."
"It's nothing my sweet girl. I'll have Sebastian bring you some water alright?"
"No no its fine father. I'll go get it"
He smiled "my, your just like your mother. Wanting to do it yourself"
She smiled then noticed her at the door "mother!" She got up and ran to her "why are you awake and out of bed!? You need to rest!"
She smiled "I remember when I used to do that to you. I can't baby you anymore since your a woman now. I just came to see how you were doing after what I heard."
"Forgive me mother. I didn't mean to-"
"Don't apologize May! It's not your fault" she gave a sweet smile then began to cough and she coughed up blood
"Ah! Mother!" She rubbed and lightly petted her back
May's father stood and picked up his wife bridal style "May you get some rest. I'll take care of your mother. Goodnight sweetheart" he closed the door behind him
She sighed then layed back on her bed "Why did I have that dream about Vergil? What did father mean by 'so its that time?'"
~time skip brought to you by olives~-a week later-
"Happy Birthday May!" Both her parents spoke from the door as she walked in from her daily rounds
"Oh!" She laughed "I almost forgot it was my birthday"
"How does it feel to be 28 May?" Her mother spoke up after going to get her a strawberry sunday
"It feels... different somehow" she dropped her bags and took the sunday and walked back outside to eat it. She began to eat it and shivered with love "oh sweet strawberry sunday! How I missed your goodness!" She looked up at the sky and noticed someone standing there "hm?" She then noticed some blue then another person appeared and he had red "Is that...V-Vergil?"
The person in blue looked down at her then went down to her
"I-It is!" She dropped her sunday but before it hit the ground the guy in red caught it for her
"Hey now. Don't let this delicious thing go to waste" he smiled
She noticed his eyes from behind his hair. She blushed at how close he was to her.
He pressed his body to hers and smiled "Vergil. Don't you think dear ol' dad would be better without her?"
"Dante. Don't get in my way again. Just give the girl to me and I might not kill you"
"I don't think I can do that. This one is too cute for dear ol' dad. You should leave Vergil. I really don't want to fight you right now"
Vergil slicked his hair back "fine" with one move he drew his sword and went to attack Dante, but Dante was quick as well (in more ways then one ;) ) and dodged his blade, only getting his cheek cut deeply. He moved away, dropping the sunday and held her as he drew his sword as well. May's eyes widened at the sword
"R-Rebellion!"
"Oh? So you know about it?" He asked and held her tighter to him
"My family made a lot of weapons! We made four weapons specially made for Sparda. It was Yamato, Rebellion, Ebony and Ivory. I'm guessing you have the guns?"
"Yes. They are my girls. Sexy girls"
She looked up at him then it began to rain "Dante..."
Enzo, May's father, ran out into the rain "May!" He noticed the three
"Enzo. So this is where you've been all this time" Vergil looked at him "you know what should happen. Your own sister went through this"
Enzo clenched his fists "I will not hand her over! You can tell Sparda to go to hell! He will not take her from me. Dante!"
"I got it old man! She's mine!" Dante looked at him
"W-Will someone tell me what's going on!?"
"In a minute doll. I have to deal with an...unwanted party guest" he let her go and handed her his guns "you girls play nice" he turned to his brother and ran at him. They started an intense battle in the rain
Her father ran to her but suddenly stopped as hell hounds appeared in front of him
She looked at the guns then her eyes closed on their own. She was skillfully killing each demon that appeared, only getting a few cuts
Enzo watched in amazement
Dante was about to attack Vergil but he vanished. He looked around for him then he noticed a sword flying towards them "May!" He ran towards her and pushed her down and was on top of her.
She opened her eyes and noticed Dante was on top of her. Her face became red and she pushed him off of her. She looked at her father and saw him impaled with the sword. Vergil then appeared in front of him.
"How unfortunate. I was hoping you would be of use to me." He removed the sword from his chest then looked back at May "might as well finish him off"
She got up and started to run to her father "NO!"
Dante wrapped his arms around her waist to hold her back "May stop!"
"Let me go!" She squirmed then she stopped as she saw her father gush out blood and drop to the ground. Her eyes filled with tears and she cried silently
Vergil whipped the blood off his blade swiftly and sheathed it "I will come back for her Dante" he vanished
Dante slowly let her go then watched her cry
She cried until the rain stopped she sniffed and wiped her eyes then stood up to Dante and slapped him hard across his cheek "Why did you hold me back!?"
Dante rubbed his cheek then sighed "he would have taken you or you would have been killed along with your father. Both would have been bad"
"What is this all about? Why did he come for me!? What's going on? I want answers!!"
"Alright alright. Calm down babe. Let's get dried off first then I'll tell you" he walked towards her house and went in
She began to walk but stopped towards her father and fell to her knees "I'm sorry... I couldn't do anything"
*cough* "there was.... nothing... you.... could have done... May..." *cough cough* he spits out blood
"Father! Father your still alive!" She held his hand tightly
"May... you-" he coughed up blood "you need to... leave with... Dante..."
"Why? Why is this happening?"
"You... are the one... who can either... kill... or strengthen... Sparda..."
"What do you mean?"
He smiled weakly "you... my beautiful... daughter... are the next in line... to wield... Chiyo...ganemaru... and your mothers... handguns... Michael and...Gabriel" he put a hand on her cheek "embrace your angelic being... and... use your... demonic... powers... to destroy... Sparda..."
A dark blue and purple portal opens up below him then red and black hands appear and start to pull him down into hell
"Father! Father!!"
He lets go of her hand "make me proud... May... save... this place...my... fallen angel..." his voice drifts off as he is dragged down and the only thing left is his blood
She punched the ground "father... I will kill him!" She got up and saw Dante without his jacket. He was shirtless with only his pants and shoes. He came out of the kitchen with a box of pizza as he was drying his hair
"I heard everything he said to you May."
Her face became pink as he was shirtless "h-how indecent. Put a shirt on please"
"Oh? Excuse me your royal babe highness. I don't need a shirt"
"R-Royal babe highness? I'll have you know that I am not a babe and I'm not royalty! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go find my mother" she turned her back to him which made her long grey hair follow her turn. She left the kitchen and living room and went to her parents room
He smiled then began to eat the pizza but saw olives "tch!" He picked them off then continued to eat the pizza
-up staires-
"Mother?" She knocked on her door "mother are you in there?" She opened the door and saw the room was a wreck "oh no! Mother!!" She looked for her in the room then as she got to the closet, she noticed something shiny "what's this?" She opened the closet and saw a sword "this must be..."
Here it is!
Hello,
So I've made this story on Quotev before and it wouldn't let me update it anymore, so I've created Fifth Year, and now I'm uploading it up here.
Here's part one on Quotev and Part Two that is this one...

Part One: http://www.quotev.com/story/4789524/My-Friend-Harry-Potter-Love-Story/

Part Two (This story): http://www.quotev.com/story/5401456/My-Friend-Harry-Potter-Love-Story-Part-Two/

Bye my Minions ^u^
"Okay class, we are going to be doing a project. For this I will need pairs of two." You tossed your hair to the side, a sigh emitting from your mouth.  You looked around the room in search of a partner, but it seems like everyone already had one, of course.
"(Y/n), please come over here for a moment." You stood, though your heart sped up while you walked closer to your sensei-Yukio Okumura. He was a friend of yours, outside of class, seeing as you were friends with Rin too. He motioned you towards him, and he began speaking.
"Since there are no more partners, I would like that you partner with me." you blushed at the thought of working with your sensei. You glanced over at Rin seeing a small smirk in his face. Only he knew of your fondness for the young teacher. You nodded at Yukio, a smile on your face, though your mind was whirling.
'I...get to be with Yukio? Yes yes yes! I really hope I don't mess it up though.'
"(Y/n)are you alright? Your face is starting to turn red. Perhaps you're getting sick, do you need to go to the infirmary?"
You frantically waved your arms in front of your face, "No no, I'm...I'm fine! Really, I am!"
"Hm, very well then. Class! This assignment focuses on getting information on a Demon. Now, I've already assigned which Demons you will be observing. Listen now, they may be low-leveled, but can still cause harm to victim. Come forward to see your Demon." So, as the paired students came to see which Demon they would be investigating, you stood to the side, slightly unsure of what do to.
"Let's get to work, shall we? (Y/n)?" Yukio stood in front of you, concern written all over his face. "Are you sure, you're all right?"
You scratched the back of your neck, letting out a nervous laugh, "Of course I am! Let's just go. Don't worry about me." You walked out of the rooom, heat rising to your face.
'I'm a dunce.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"This demon, it only comes out at night. It seems to be in the form of a hound. Sensei, once we finish observing it, do we attack it?" You two were out in the forest, looking for the demon. Your attitude changed as you got comfortable being alone with Yukio. Being with him still sent a whirl of pleasure, but you focused hard for the assignment.
"Yes. As a teacher, I can not allow any demons to roam around our world."you nodded as the two of you stood under a tree. It was already late at night, and the secluded area was where the demon would be at this time of night. It was silent, but then, a ruffle in one of the bushes. Before you could react, a gash was made on your arm; not deep enough for critical damage, but it still hurt nonetheless.
(Y/n)!" Another gash penetrated through your arm, making you hiss at the pain it caused. That demon was quick, you couldn't even in see it make a wound.
'Tch, I'm not going to let a stupid demon attack me this easily. I'll show it who'se boss.' You got into a stance, your weapon pulled out. Closing your eyes, you tried to concentrate on the movements around the forest. It took a couple seconds, but you heard another rustle, to your left.
'There.'
You sliced right between the denom, successfully killing it. Your arms were covered in blood as you dropped your weapon. Falling to the ground, you prepared for impact, but arms wove themselves around your waist, holding you up.
(Y/n), are you okay?! Are you dangerously hurt? Let's get you out of here." Yukio quickly bandaged up your arms, then hoisted you on his back.
"Don't scare me like that , (Y/n). Even if it was such a low leveled demon, you still got injured. What if it was even worse then cuts on the arm!" You barely processed what he said, sleepness taking over you.
"Why are you so...worried about me, Yukio?" You were shutting, ever so slowly. You heard Yukio sigh and a small chuckle resonate from his mouth.
"You're asking why? It's because...I like you, (Y/n)....(Y/n)? He twisted his head to look at you already asleep. He shook his head, a smile growing on his face.
"Silly girl, I guess I'm going to have to tell you this again in the morning. Sweet dreams, (Y/n)"
Unconsiously, you snuggled closer to the boy, somehow knowing tomorrow would bring great joy.
This took so long to draw this picture and that story is made by Mangokiwi. I loved her stories and it's really good, plus it will be sad because of the YouTubers.
Not sure about this story. Just gonna try it out and see where it goes and how it goes and stuff. This is just an intro. And just letting you know I'm not gonna stop the other one so there's gonna be 2 going at the same time so you don't get bored of one. I'll start this one tomorrow. Just a note to let you know. Bye night. Love you all 💛💙💜💜💚❤️💗💓💕💖💞💎
I don't know if I should be posting another story due to the fact that I haven't finished my first one, but oh well. I'm extremely exited about this one, I just couldn't wait for you guys to read it. Please comment and vote. I really want to know what you think of it. If there are grammar errors don't hesitate to tell me or if you have advice on how to make the story better please make your ideas known. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Andy's POV
I was watching Ashley as he swam in the swimming pool. His strong tanned arms moving back and forth in the water. After a while he came out. The water droplets making him appear to shine like the beautiful god he was. He flipped his hair to the back, just like in the movies it appeared to be in slow motion. I couldn't stop gawking at him, he was beyond beautiful.
"See something that you like?" He said in a playful tone.
'If you only knew' I thought. I only shook my head. He grabbed his towel and headed to the inside of the house.
We were currently in a break from tour. Ashley and I decided to buy a house together. He didn't really wanted to live alone, and I broke up with Juliet, so she kicked me out of the apartment. The only thing I stayed with was my little faithful friend, Crow. Thankfully Crow and Ashley's dogs got along pretty well, they even sleep in the same bed, cuddled together, something I wish I could do with Ash, but of course he doesn't swing that way. He is a total man-whore and proud of it. This was our first week staying at this house. Everything seemed, so far, going fine. We haven't had any fights or arguments, and hopefully it would stays like that.
Ashley's POV
Now that we were in a break from tour, I'll be able to party all night long, not worrying about waking up or resting for a concert. Tonight I'm going to get wasted and have as much fun as I possibly can.
Kina had invited me to a friend's party for tonight. I decide to wear a buttoned up black shirt which was only half way buttoned, showing off my tanned and well toned chest, a pair of black ripped skinny jeans, a pair of cowboy boots, and of course my star necklace. I straightened my hair and teased it at the right spots to make it look perfect. Then proceed to apply some eyeliner. Lastly, I sprayed some cologne and headed downstairs to leave. Andy was seated on the couch watching Batman, like always. I hadn't invited him because I know he isn't the type of guy to get drunk and socialize, he is is quiet and peaceful. Maybe not so peaceful but still.
"Hey, where are you going?" He asked.
"To a party"
"Okay, if you're coming late make sure to take your key, I don't want you waking me up in the middle of the night"
"Yeah, I already have that covered"
I left the house and made my way to Kina's house in order to pick her up. When I got there she was already ready. She was wearing a skin tight red dress that barely covered her butt, and pair of really high heels. Her hair was made into curls and she had red lipstick on her lips reminding me of Andy, how he always used to put it on for every show.
"Hey beautiful, how are you doing?" I asked her.
"Much better now that you are here, handsome"
She placed her hands around my neck and brought our lips together wasting no time in opening her mouth for me to explore. I lifted her and carried her to my car, then headed to the party.
I could hear the music blasting even before we entered the house. There were people everywhere and some where already wasted or past out on the yard. But that didn't stop them from having fun nor will it stop us. As soon as we entered we headed in search for some alcohol. Then, once we were buzzed we began dancing to the beat of the music. Kina would grind her butt on me seductively, arousing me. I wanted to take her right there and then, but unfortunately we were in a public place, so instead I got close to her ear and whispered,
"Lets go somewhere more private"
I didn't wait for an answer, I just grabbed her hand and guided her toward the exit. On the way home she couldn't keep her hands off me. When we got to my house I hooked my hands around the back of her thighs and lifted her up, placing myself in between her legs. I blindly opened the door without breaking our passionate kiss. I threw her on the couch being too impatient to go all the way to my room, and began undressing her.
Andy's POV
I heard the door open. It was probably Ashley, who had finally arrived from party, so I didn't pay much attention. Until I heard moaning coming from the living room. The curious side of me stood up from my warm, cozy bed and headed quietly downstairs. I wish I had stayed tucked in my bed. What I saw made me feel like if I had a hole in my chest. I gulped at the sight of Ash with a woman on the couch having sex. I quietly ran up the stairs and returned to the comfort of my bed wishing that this was a dream. I knew that Ash was a ladies man but I was not ready to see that, no matter how much I had prepared myself. I could still hear them, so I grabbed my earphones blasting music through them until I fell asleep with crow curled up at my feet.
He he I drew my character and my Pokemon, Elucidator! I plan on buying the new Pokemon game sapphire. Now let's crack a joke to make this interesting~
Eagle: YOU KNOW WHY HUNTING ME WOULD BE BAD?!?
Eagle: 'CAUSE ITS ILL- EAGLE!!!
Eagle: *stares at camera*
Well, this was a weird start. No worries, though! I plan on posting my mini story next that's unfinished. Tell me if it is any good!
Back in Manhattan, in a fancy condo with fancy furniture was a girl with too much money. She had everything she wanted even when she didn't need it. But the girl's happiness didn't last long until she woke up on her phone ringing many times , when she pulled her head out of the pillow and answered the phone ,there was a women saying "Hello, Ms.King this is St. George hospital, and we have bad news for you." when she heard that she jumped up and said "what's wrong?""Just don't panic ma'am, please." Said the nurse from the hospital. "I am sorry to inform you that your father has just passed away. He was shot to death." When she heard the news she just froze because she couldn't believe what she had heard. the last thing she expected in life was her father's death because that would change everything in her life. And this girl is ME.
18 year old Alistair Cane is a hunter, a hunter with a life destroying secret.
The number of people she is able to trust is falling fast.
Split between the man she loves and her desire for a mate, how long will she be able to keep true self hidden?

She's caught the eye the handsome, lustful and bold Xander McCollin, fierce Alpha to one of the deadliest packs in all of America, the Bloodmoon pack, and a man she's been paid to kill.
Her mate.
And as their relationship develops, Alistair is struck with a horrible decision...

Who can she trust?


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So... Hey.
I'm really bad at these introductory things, so, I'm afraid to say that this is the best I got at the moment. Yeah, I know- it's not great... Butttt.... eh. Moving onwards...

I don't really have much of a plan for this book, so I'm kind of just making it up as I go along, jotting down ideas and writing them in.
That means I also don't have an update schedule for this. (I have such poor planning skills Dx) But, you want to know what I think?
I don't care, I'll tell you anyway.
I think that the more time and effort you put in to something and the longer you take doing it, the better it will be in the long run~ (That is some insparatio right there.)
I also have a minimum to maximum word count for each chapter which is 1000-2500 words. Anything below will be worked on, improved - anything above will be trimmed and simplified.

Another thing, I really desperately need an editor- just to help me go through things.
And anyone who would be willing to make a cover better than the one I have now - that would also be greatly appreciated. :)

Thank you for taking time to read my book, it means alot. <3
Please don't forget to Vote and Comment for each chapter, it really helps me improve my work.
Following me might prove nicer than expected too, eh? ;)
(Haha, you don't have to if you don't want to xD)

-May



Spencer's POV :
It's been a year since Ali's death. I lay in my bed thinking about her. The memories when Hanna,Aria,Emily,Alison and I would go shopping together, talk about our crushes, but, all of a sudden I stop thinking.
*knock knock* I slowly walked down the stairs, walked up to the door. My jaws dropped 😨. It was Toby Cavanaugh. The boy who dated me over a year ago. The brother of Jenna Marshall. When I saw him, he awkwardly looked at my arms and pulled the sweater sleeves up. He asked me "Why are you doing this to yourself ?" I said , "You know why ... " He stood there for a moment thinking to himself , then he suddenly remembered why.
He said "Spencer I didn't mean to hurt you, I was stupid, what I did was wrong. Will you forgive me Spencer ? I said "I don't know, can I ? You were keeping me alive, you kept me from feeling depressed, starving myself and cutting. You were the reason why I didn't hate school or my life. He kept apologizing. I pulled my arms away from him. I told him angrily to leave.
I furiously march up the stairs to my bedroom. I think about the day we broke up.
•••••<<<<<<<Flashback>>>>>>>>•••••
One day I went shopping for our 1 year anniversary. When I was walking out of Forever 21, I see you making out with ANOTHER GIRL !!!!!!!! I angrily YELLED TOBY !!!!!! You heard me and I started to cry and run. As I was running I was shoving people to the side, not caring who I shove.
Finally, I ran to the parking lot to catch my breath. He caught up to me and tried to grab my hand, but I pushed his hand away. He said "I'm sorry Spence" I look him in the eyes with my eyes are teared up as I say "We're over" I start running as fast as I can to my car and start driving home.
When I got home, I ran up the stairs, to my room and SLAMMED the door. I was crying so hard, wondering why Toby would cheat on me. He called my phone multiple times, texted my phone a gazillion times.
I decided to ...
I rolled over, groaning, and I swatted my alarm clock then proceeded to warily sit up. Looking around my room I slowly stood up and stretched making my way to my closet. My room was small but big enough in my opinion. There was one other bedroom in this small 2 story Japanese house and it belongs to my best friend, Marie (Well that's what I usually call her). I grabbed my police uniform yawning, "Today's Marie's book signing." Finding my way to the bathroom I quickly got changed, finished my morning hygiene routine, and then noticed a note on the door. I instantly noticed the handwriting, Marie's, "Going out for a walk be back soon. Btw, One of your coworkers called. It was Mark I think." "Intern Police officer in the morning, Famous Youtuber by night." I laughed at my corny joke. I made my way downstairs to the kitchen and proceeded to sit in a perched position, as always, on chair and drink my coffee that by 'Health Standards' was 'Unhealthy.' Suddenly the door burst open and my reaction was unchanged. "I'm so chocolate wasted! Oi! I'm home Senpai!" Marie yelled, laughing. We've been best friends since we were in Junior High, so since we were 12 or 13, and we still are. A smile curled upon my lips and I broke out laughing. "We are both 25 and we still say we're chocolate wasted." Marie laughed but to be silenced by my cell ringing. I picked my phone up and looked at the caller ID; Markiplier. Marie momentarily left the room to get her laptop. Answering the phone I spoke, "Hello, Mark." The other line had barely audible sounds that I somewhat recognized as music from the game The Witch's House. "Ello, Lena. I need you to take my shift today." Mark replied. I usually went by my middle name, people have become accustomed to calling me Lena or KL. "Why is that? Busy playing video games?" I asked, no emotion in my voice but it still could be taken as a sarcastic remark. "No.~" Mark replied, "I'm just feeling under the weather." Marie returned and ran over, noticing who I was talking to. "Oi, Mark! Say Hi to Tiny Box Tim for me!" She yelled happily. Putting Mark on speaker phone we heard him laugh, "Will do!~" Marie is a very big fan of Mark, er, Markiplier. She was the one who introduced me to his videos to later find out he was an Intern for the Japanese Police. I'm an intern but I'm often seen as a detective, reasons being I will identify later. "So, will you take my shift?" Mark asked. I sighed, "Alright." Mark thanked me then hung up. Putting my cell in my pocket I stood. "I better head off to work. You wanna come?" Marie shrugged returning to a calm composure, "Sure, why not?" I nodded and grabbed my coat. Suddenly my head hurt and a few familiar words were spoken in my head causing me to scowl, "Been a while."
{{I'm working on this book with @DomoStar13 ~Aka My Boochan~ and it's really fun. Thanks Boochan!}}
This is my book, everything in the book was made up by me.
DO NOT steal any of my ideas, characters, etc.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2014 Madison H or @pinklacedshoes
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopy, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Any similarities including names, situations, or setting is entirely a coincidence. Everything in the book was made up by the author'simagination.
Thanks for reading my book, the first chapter will be in the next part
Annoncer: Millions of different worlds beings together in one place ... Smashville ... The mind-blowing battles ...
Dark Pit: Oh, come on! We don't care about stupid intros! OHMAIGAWSH ... Link: [I don't care of your bullshit!] *swings with his sword*Palutena: Ohh, Link! Pitoo! Come on! Ike-kun is waiting for the fight. *upset*Ike: *fell asleep and snores*Palutena: ................Dark Pit & Link: jajajajajaja! *laughing out loud*Palutena: ......... IKE, YOU IDIOT!!Ike: MY GOD! Don't scream like this!*Mario Speaks with Dr. Mario*Mario: It's-a time to fight!Dr.Mario: No, no, no! It's-a time to play-a, bro!Palutena, Link, Dark Pit and Ike: Ehh....Palutena: Uh ... Please?Mario & Dr.Mario: What-a do you want-a?Dark Pit: WE WANT-A to FIGHT !! AND WE WERE THE FIRST HERE!Mario: In Supah 'Smash Bros for WiiU, we-a can-a fight over 4 players in the Same area!Dr.Mario, Link, Dark Pit, Ike & Palutena: Are you really advertising for the game?!*Marth arrives*Mario: ... in-a Supah 'Smash Brotha' for WiiU, we can fight-a up to 8 players!Dark Pit: NO BUT HELLO??! WE DON'T FUDGING CARE!Marth: .......... H-Hai.... [O-okay....]Dark Pit: AW, COME OOOOOON! JUST GET OUT! *he's pushing Mario and Dr.Mario*Link: [Yes! Just get out of the way!]Mario and Dr.Mario: OK OK! We are going-a to get out.Link: [Oh my gawd, finally!]Dark Pit: OH HELL YEAH!Palutena: Yaaaaas!Ike: Okay.Marth: ... Hai. *he smiles*
recreation's okay
if you don't overuse
it helps on days
full of constant abuse

it's not like I'm crazy
or criminally inclined
i just like to relax
i just like to unwind

too much to forgive
so much pain to forget
the world is in chaos
it helps ease my regret

don't worry about me
i got a lot on my mind
i just love to relax
just love to unwind

it's not going to kill me
there's no need to judge
i'm careful as can be
please don't hold a grudge

you say that's it's hurting you
you say "I'm not blind"
but I need to relax
i just need to unwind

what's the harm in a buzz?
it's better than nothing
"she does what she does"
we all want to feel something

maybe I should stop
they say you only have so much time
but I have to relax
have to unwind
*Allies P.O.V*
I woke up to my phone ranging. I looked at it and saw a picture of my brither.
"What?" I said
"Good morning to you to. Are you coming to pick me and Jack up or not?"
"Where are you?"
"The airport. You said you would pick us up."
"Damn ittt. Okay ill be there in like an hour."
"Okay bye."
"Bye."
I hung up the phone and got dressed. I wanted to,look somewhat presentable so i did my make up and hair. I out to the kitchen and got the keys to my black jeep wrangler. I took a bite of an apple and put it down. I walked out of the house and put on my sun glasses. I walked to my car got in, started it, and drove off. I came to a stoplight and pkugged my phone into the AUX. I put it on shuffle and the first song was doing it right. I drove when the light turned green.
-Airport-
I parked and walked in. I found my brother and sat on his lap. He freaked out and said
"Really? Ther- Oh hey Allie whats up?"
"Nothing just enjoying this seat." I answered
"Well im not so came we leave?"
"Yea my butt hurts." Gilinsky said
"I guess."
I stood up and waited for them to get there stuff. We walked to my jeep and Jack and Gilinsky ran to my car. Gilinsky won witch meet he got to sit in the front seat. I dont know why thats so great. I got in and plugged my phone back into the AUX thing and started the car. Like Whoo was the first song to come on. I drove out and Gilinsky turned the music up. I got though the airport and on the highway in no time. Then we got stuck in traffic. Great. Both of them hated getting stuck in traffic. "When can we move?" Jack wines from the back seat.
"Really we've been sitting her for 2 seconds." I said
"Long enough." He says back
I saw a ramp and looked back to see if anything was coming. I drove and got on the ramp. We were in a small town and i figured why get something to eat.
"Where are we going?" Jack asked
"Food." I said
"Really?" Gilinsky askes
"I had one bite of an apple. Yes really." I sassed
I pulled into a I hop and parked. I grabbed my phone and we got out and walked in. We where sitted right away i sat next to Jack so it didnt look like i was dating Gilinsky. Im not really, but me and Jack look alike and thats gross if we did date. Its weird that we look alike because he has blond hair and i have brown. He has blue/green eyes i have blue/grey eyes. Hes pail and im tan. I git kicked and snapped out of my daze.
"What?"
"What do you want to drink?" Jack asked
"Sprit." I said
The lady walked away and both the Jacks looked at me.
"What were you think about?" Jack asked
"People always say we look alike but i dont see it." I said
"The nose and eyes and ears." Gilinsky said
"You never see my ears though." I said
He reached over the table and moved the hair away from my ears.
"They're the same." He sat down and the drinks came. We ordered and talked.i got a phone call from someone and i looked down and saw my ex-boyfriend was calling me. His name is Cody. I showed Jack and he took me phone and went outside. A few minutes later he came in and sat down. He put my phone down and it rang again. Gilinsky grabbed it and looked at me. He looked sad and mad. I dont know why. The phone stopped ringing and i turned it off and slipped it in my pocket. The food came and we ate. I got my phone back when i was done and turned it on. When it was on i had 7 missed calls from Cody and 2 voice mails. When the boys were done Jack paid and we walksd out. We went to my car and Gilinsky sat in the back. I again plugged my phone in and these time Gas Pedal came on. We drove away from the dinner and i needed gas so we stopped. I got $30 dollars out and walked into the gas station with jack and jack following me. I went and got 2 monsters and paid for them and gas. I walked out and started pumping the gas. Gilinsky and Jack came out and got in.
"Why did you get to monsters?" Gilinsky asked
"Because." I stated
"She doesn't like rockstar." Jack said
The gas was done and i shut the gas cap and pulled away. We got on the highway and lucky it was clear. We drove home. When we got to mine and Jacks house they walked in and i sat in my car for a second. A car pulled up and i saw Cody get out. I got out and went to the door. He got to me before i did the door.
"What?" I asked
"Why havent you answered any calls?"
"Because. And if you dont stop ill call the police." I said
"You cant do that."
"Yes i can." I yelled.
He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. I looked at him and he had the look of evil in his eyes. I saw a hand and he was pushed off me.
"Its time that you leave." Gilinsky said
"You cant make me."
"I cant but her dad can. And ive heard you scared of his shotgun."
Cody looked at him and backed down
"Ill get you." He said and looked at me with a smirk "Pretty boy cant help you for ever." He walked away and Jack walked my inside. He locked the door and looked at me with sorrow. I walked away to my room. I texted my best friend Zoé and told her to come over. A few minutes later she was in my room. We decided to tan and talk do we got on one of my bikinis and walked down to pool. We laid out and i told her about Cody and Gilinsky. How he looked at me with sad and mad eyes like he wished it was him or something. They came out when we flipped so our fronts could tan. Im naturally tan so im just wasting time doing this but oh well. Gilinsky stood over me and Jack over Zoé.
"What?" I asked
"We nominated you guys to the ice bucket challenge months ago." Jack said
"And we didnt do it." Zoé said
"Your gonna do it now for YouTube." Gilinsky said
"No." I said
"You dont have a chocie." Jack said.
"Fine." I said
"Im still not doing it." Zoé said
"Im doing it." I said
"Have fun losing your top." She said
Jack pulled her up and she had to do it now. We stood in the grass and Jack and Gilinsky stood with us.
"Hey guys whats up. Today we are here with Zoé and my sister Allie. Wave."
We did and Gilinsky took over.
"A few months ago we told them todo the Ice bucket challenge and they didn't so...we inputted their tanning ...not that Allie needs to tan...and told them they had to do it."
"Just stay here and get ready."
"We cant really get ready." I said
We stood there and waited. The water was soon dumped on us and we both lost out shirts.
"Fuck. You. Guys." Zoé said
We pulled them and Jack stood next to Zoé and Gilinsky next to me.
"Thumbs up this video if you want to see more of Allie and Zoé. Or even if you hated them but liked the video. Or if you a pervert that likes to see clothes fall off young teenage girls."
"Thanks for watching and subscribe for more videos. Or dont its your choice." Gilinsky said
They ended the video and Zoé walked over to them.
"If you looked at our boobs in the editing processe ill kill each of you. Slowly."
"Okay you can watch us edit them." Gilinsky said.
We all walked in the house to Jacks room. We watched them edit the video and put black box things around our boobs when our tops fell off. They uploaded it and we went to my room and changed. Went in Jacks room and got one of his shirts and went to my room. I put it on and it was way big. Me and Zoé laid in my bed and watch Netflix on my laptop. Jack and Gilinsky came in
"What are you watching?"
"Were getting ready to watch paranormal activity: the marked ones."
"Can we watch?" Jack asked
"If you get popcorn my monsters from the fridge snacks and more pillows and blankets." Zoé said
They ran out and we waited
"Do you like Jack?" Zoé asked
"Gilinsky? I think i do."
*Gilinskys P.O.V*
I was going back to Allies room with pillows and blankets and heard her talking to Zoé
"Do you like Jack?"
"Gilinsky? I think i do."
I smiled made it sound like i was walking down the hall. I walked in and they got off the bed and they asked if they cpuld sit on ours laps. I said yes and Jack came in.
"Jonhson." Allie said
"Jonhson." He said back
"Put the snacks down and get on the bed. Zoé is gonne sit in your lap."
"Yes ma'am."
He sat down next to me. I was against the wall and they put pillows around us. Allie sat in my lap and Zoé sat in Jacks. They pulled a blanket over us and got the snacks and drinks and played the movie. Allie would get scared and cover her eyes. I would rub little circles on her back and then shed go back to watching it. She drank to monsters and was going crazy. The movie was over and it was 4 so it was still light out.
"Lets go swimming." She said in my ear.
Jack and Zoé fell asleep and i agreeed. She got a black bikini and went to the bathroom. I went to Jacks room and got a pair that i left here. When i was done Allie was standing the hall way. We walked down to the pool and she dived in. I followed her and when i came up she was coming up. She looked at me and swam around. We messed around and if was getting cold and drak. She started to shiver. I hugged her and she hugged me back. She looked at me and i looked back. We started leaning in and we haerd a sound that was like a stick being broken. We got out and went in. I looked the door and she went up to her room. I got on my short and she came in and took my shirt looked at and left. I followed her out and she put it on in the hallway. She was half naked when she got it so makes since. Looked in her room and at me
"Where are you sleeping?"
"Guest room."
"Can i sleep with you? They took up the whole bed."
"Yea."
We walked back to the guest room, once we did she got in and i followed her. She fell right to sleep. I soon fell asleep after her.
(Abbie's pov)My heart is pounding, I can feel the heat rushing to my cheeks. I'm fuming,and I have a feeling that I'm about to lose it. "For fuck sake Reece! I'm sick and tired of this!" I slammed my fist on the wooden table. "It's been 2 years, did you really think I can still take this?!". I cam hardly breathe, I can feel my chest closing up. I need air. Before Reece could say anything, I made my way towards the door slamming it shut.
Then finally the cool breeze smacked me on my face. I can hear faint a voice calling my name in the distance,the voice was becoming clearer so I quickened my pace. "Abbie wait!", Reece yelled. He caught up with me,stopping my footsteps.
He placed his hands on the top of my shoulders and took a deep breath. "Babe,I'm sorry to have to put through all this shit, it's not fair you. You deserve better,I'm sorry I love you so much". Reece looked down to the ground feeling guilty. He looked so delicate and precious. Reece's beautiful blue eyes looked into me,and all I could see was pain. He opened his mouth to speak,but before he could say anything I wrapped my arms around his tall figure,giving him a warm hug. At first he shifted then he hugged me back. We stayed like that for a while- it felt like forever- but I didn't mind. His blonde hair tickled my neck as I hugged him tighter,bringing his body closer to mine. My eyes flickered over to his, "I forgive you...I love you too".
Reece and I went back to his house,which was in a complete mess. "I'm sorry for all this mess...", I apologized putting my head down in shame. Reece just chuckled lightly, "it's okay babe,I deserve it". I sighed feeling glum he thinks this is all his fault, but I didn't say anything back I don't want another argument. Reece plopped down on the black leather sofa. "C'mere", he grabbed my waist making me sit on him. My eyes feel exhausted and so does my body.
I opened my mouth wide open forming an 'o' shape,as I stretched my arms all over the place and I let out a loud yawn. Reece leaned in and kissed my neck, "You tired babe?". I nodded slowly letting out another yawn. Reece got up and picked me up princess style, he started to walk towards the stairs. " Reecey where are you taking me?" , I asked resting my head on his shoulder."Shh", he muttered without answering my question. However I was too tired to care. Reece carried me up the stairs and into the bedroom. He kicked the door open,laying me on the bed.
My eyes started to close;in the background I could Reece taking off his jeans,climbing into the bed next to me. He wrapped his arms around my waist, so I snuggled into him feeling his hard chest. Reece planted a soft kiss on my head before whispering, " Goodnight princess". With that exhaustion took over me as I drifted off to dreamland.
~That's chapter one for you,please give me feedback and tell me your opinion on this. Also, I'm sorry if I made any spelling mistakes or if my punctuation sucked. A picture of Reece is on the side&Im sorry that this chapter is short~GirlAlmight123 x
This is where I will put my dreams, (If I can remember them, cuz my memory is TERRIBLE)  so I will scribble them down in a book beside my bed of a morning, then when I have time copy em into here! I'm doing this journal so I can get in touch with my dreams, so I can become lucid, my goal is every night. If you don't know what lucid dreaming is, stop reading, and look it up RIGHT NOW.
I wake up to my alarm clock playing i "ill hold you down "
Yn -yay the mb concert is 2day im bout to call tete
My cousin tyteanna/bestfriend is so crazy and loves prodigy but i kinda like roc myself
Phone cove
T-Hey gurl!!!!
Y -girl stop screaming
T -i cant the mb concert today
Y -u know ill pick you up at 8
T - oooootaaaaaay
I starting again with this story, so forgive me if you have been reading and maybe enjoyed my last story. But to be completely honest I wasn't satisfied with my writing it seemed extremely childish, but I'm going to write this to the best of my ability so I hope you enjoy! Alright let the ride begin :) thank you all.
________________________________________________________________________
Humans are shaped to fuck up from time to time, some more than most. And that's okay because there's an expression that simple explains that reason, and it's "you're only human" which automatically makes those "mistakes" appropriate in society. I completely comprehend this idea that we are a flawed species, that God already that we were born to fuck up.
But it's quite hard to grasp the concept that humans would trump over other to gain power, and power leads to practically anything and anyone. So I guess it's quite understandable why people would go to such extreme lengths for it.
Maybe it's probably because I want to be ignorant to the fact that the word murder or death are even vocabulary term or than people kill others for personal gain, even if that means having collateral damage. But I suppose I can't judge, its natural selection which is instinct to the flight or fight response. In the end only one thing remains in my mind at all moments each day I'm alive "Kill or be killed".
FUCKING APPLE SUPPORT. PISSING YOU OFF SINCE TIME FUCKING BEGAN.
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST. YOU DON'T KNOW ANGER UNTIL YOU CAN'T BUY ONE FUCKING SONG ON ITUNES BECAUSE OH WAIT...
YOU DON'T FUCKING REMEMBER YOU MOTHER FUCKING SECURITY QUESTIONS.
FROM LIKE 2 YEARS AGO. FUCK THAT.
SO THEN YOU TRYING TO FUCKING RESET THEM. BUT NO.
YOU CAN'T FUCKING DO IT.
DO I LOOK LIKE A FUCKING EXPERT ON TECHNOLOGY?!
DO I BITCH?
HUH?!
DO.
I.
BITCH.
FUCK I'M GOING BACK TO BED. TO EARLY FOR THIS SHIT.
EVEN THOUGH IT'S ALMOST 4:30 PM.
I got nominated by @riverivy to write my journey to Wattpad. So first let me write my past:

During eight grade I was constantly bullied in every way possible. I was cyber, social, physical, and verbally bullied. The only thing that cheered me up was reading. I kept reading Percy Jackson and Heroes of Olympus. Once I reached the house of Hades I ran out of books to read so I searched for an alternative. I tried reading Divergent, but it wasn’t my type of book. Harry Potter wasn’t my type either. I tried reading, but kept getting bored. So I searched for a book site and Wattpad was what I found.
Clary.
Clary woke with a start as she blindly fumbled, for her phone, to turn off her alarm. She pulled off the covers and dragged herself out of bed. Stretching, she walked to the bathroom to examine herself. Her bold, red curls hung over her shoulders, too fizzy to tame with a brush, and her skin was the pale, making her freckles stand out. Her big, emerald eyes, gleamed in the light. Clary stripped off her damp clothes, which were drenched with sweat, and climbed into the shower. She stood in the hot water trying to clear her thoughts.
After a while, she stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around herself. She rummaged through her cupboards to find something comfortable to wear. She threw on dark skinny jeans and a cream jumper. She tied her hair into a messy bun and pulled out her favourite brown boots from her wardrobe. Clary picked up her phone and dialled Jace's number. He answered after three rings.
"Hey Clary," his voice sounded so worried that Clary picked up on straightaway.
"Hey, umm is everything alright? You sound...worried?" On the other line there was a hesitation and shouting in the background.
"Clary, I think you should come over here, there's something you should see," he spoke with the worry still in his tone but it was gentler.
"Alright, I'll be there soon," she said and hung up.
Clary walked into the Institute and was struck with the warmth. While walking to the library, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her hair was wild and windswept, from the vicious breeze outside. Her eyes were big and bright and her cheeks were a dark shade of pink, caused by the strong wind.
When she arrived at the library, everyone surrounded the table, blocking her view of what they were all looking at, as they all had their backs to her. None of them had acknowledged her presence yet, but she listened into their conversation anyway.
"-it is obvious that he sent this," Jace said bitterly.
"I found it here this morning along with this," Maryse said, gesturing to something Clary couldn't see.
"But whose are these? Why would he do such a thing?" Isabelle asked.
When no one answered, Clary took that as her cue to step in.
"Why would who do what?" All eyes turned towards her, although nobody said anything. Clary stood in an uncomfortable silence, waiting for someone to answer her questions.
Finally Maryse walked up to Clary and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Clary, you should see this," Maryse said, gently.
She steered Clary through the group, as they stepped aside so she could see what they were looking at. When she got a view, she gasped. On the table were two white angel wings, covered in golden liquid - blood. A piece of paper was laid next to the wings. Clary opened the paper, and instantly, she recognised her brother's handwriting. Her blood ran cold.
"By the Angel," she whispered.
She read the words: I am coming.
"This is impossible!" I screamed as we searched through the woods to find the stone.
It had been 2 weeks since we figured out that out powers switched.
"It was the stone. I know it was." Tristan said looking behind a bush.
"This is where Clary and I were fighting. Its not here."
"Clary. Liv. Do you remember anything from that fight."
We thought for a moment.
"Well all I really remember is that we.."
I widened my eyes. "The stone!" I screeched.
"What about it?"
"It flew over to the middle of us and exploded making us fall backwards and making Clary have the moment of death." I said.
"So you're saying that the stone is gone?" Tristan asked.
I nodded my head.
"Well how are your powers ever going to switch back?" He asked.
"I don't know. You and Sky are the geniuses. Figure something out."
We all walked back inside.
"Ok girls. We got nothing." Sky started saying. "So instead we are going to start training but with each others powers..." She paused. "Have fun."
A few minutes after everyone was fighting.
"You're doing this wrong." Clary said.
"You are too." I said. "No. You have to do this to turn invisible." I showed her how.
"I'm doing this just fine."
"No you aren't."
"Shut the fuck up!" Tristan screamed.
"Hey. No. Let them settle this on their own. They have to learn. We can't baby them for long." Sky said.
"So you're taking their side?" Tristan spat.
"Since when were we taking sides?" Sky asked.
They started to bicker.
None of us did anything.
After a few minutes they were still arguing, we walked away from them.
We ran into Riley on the way to the kitchen.
"Clary." She mumbled stuffing her mouth with food. "Go help Shawn and Ryan with the food."
"Ok." Clary said.
Clary walked out and took Dylan with her.
"Wanna watch t.v?" I asked Riley.
"Yes. Of course." She said and we started laughing.
About 10 minutes later everybody was back in the house and there was food on the counter.
I felt my hands start to warm up and I was getting hotter by the minute.
I needed air.
I ran outside with Riley shouting after me.
Lilly's POV
My name is Lilly, and I'll be telling you the story of how I met the one and only One Direction.
***********************
It was 5:50 pm, which meant the store was about to close , and I can finally go home and relax. My friends and I worked at Guess so we could save up enough money to buy our own flat, and live together like we had planned to when we started high school.
" Attention costumers the store is now closing, thank you for shopping at Guess." Rose said through the microphone. Rose was my best friend. She has brownish red hair that goes up to her shoulders, bright green eyes, and is average height.
" Hey, I just need to use the washroom and I'll be right back. Oh and don't forget to lock up, I'll meet you outside in 5. " Maria said running out the door. Maria was my other bff, and Rose's older sister. She has long brown hair, that go up to her waist, dark brown eyes, and is only a year older then Rose, and I. Maria is 19, and Rose and I are 18.
The costumers started exiting the store, leaving Rose and I to close up. I was just about to ask Rose if her and Maria would want to come over for dinner tonight, and maybe sleep over since tomorrows the weekend, but I was interrupted by loud banging on the door.
" What if they're burglers , and they want to take all the money, or worse want to kidnap us! " Rose started freaking out and the banging kept getting louder and louder and to be completely honest I was terrified but didn't want to show it. I got closer to the door, looked at Rose and she nodded, encouraging me to open the door. I took a deep breath opened the door, and there were 5 guys standing at the door. They were all really good looking , and I couldn't help but stare at them. They looked so familiar. Like I've seen them somewhere, but where?
Suddenly the boy with the curly hair spoke up. " Do you ladies like what you see" he says while winking at Rose. I look over to see Rose blushing a deep red and I can't help but laugh She just gives me a dirty look.
"We need to come in right now." The boy with blonde hair says in a panicked tone.
"I'm sorry boys, but the store is already closed" I reply back sincerely. " You don't understand it's an emergency you got to let us in. PLease. Please. Please. Please" The boy with blue eyes, and brown swept hair kept saying. I finally gave in. "Ok, but only 10 minutes then you all have to leave."
"Thank you so much." Said the boy with the buzz cut. Wow he was fit. Now that I look at it they're all fit, and extremely good looking. Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by a crowd of screaming girls running and yelling out "where are they"? "Let's go look outside" " They're probably gone. Let's go home" and the screaming and yelling quieted down.
"What was that all about?" Rose asked I just shrugged my shoulder not knowing what any of that was about.
" You never told us what your names were by the way" I say turning around to face them. " Wait you mean you don't know who we are" the one with the brown eyes and blonde streak of hair asked looking at us like we were crazy.
"No. Should we?" I asked suddenly confused, and guessing by Rose's reaction she was too. The boy with the blue eyes, and brown swept hair suddenly got up. "My name's Louis , love" he said winking causing me to smile. The boy with the blonde streak of hair suddenly got up and coughed. "Sorry. Any ways I'm Zayn , this is Niall ." He said pointing the boy with blonde hair. He waved at us, and we waved back. "This is Liam." " Hello ladies it's nice to meet you. "It's nice to meet you too" Rose said shocking me. She usually isn't the type to talk to strangers since she's so shy. "And finally this is our curly haired friend Harry." " Now it's your turn to tell us your names" Harry said smirking.
"Well my names Lilly, and this is Rose, yeah." I don't know why I'm getting nervous all of a sudden. I've never been nervous in my life, but then I never really met 5 extremely cute boys either. Liam was just about to say something when the door slammed open, and there stood an angry Maria. Oh oh, We're in trouble.

Febuary 15, 2015
Keyana.
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
"When you coming back, Key?" My best friend Lucky asked me. I didn't know what to tell him, and I wasn't going to lie. We were at the airport. I asked him to drop me off.
"On the real Luck, I don't know." I said.
"You really wanna do this?" He asked.
"I mean yeah, when I get back I plan to be set. I got a good job waiting for me down in Miami , a gig, a dorm. I'm leaving to heal. I'll see you on your birthday, you'll be 21. You always say you wanna go to the strip in Miami on your birthday." I said with tears falling down my cheeks."
"I love yo bean head ass aight, I got my nigga Aug to pick you up from the airport. I even talked him into letting you whip his old joint. " He said, and I wanted to kick his ass for it.
"Why would you do that you kno-?" Then Luck cut me off.
"Hol up girl,let me finish. We cool, he lived in NOLA with me. He owes me anyways. He yo age too youngin'." I rolled my eyes at him. He's only a year older than me."Oh, and you look older than 19 so when them niggas try to fuck with you. Well, I slipped a taser in your purse." Lucky added. I heard them call my flight. Now im about to cry like a baby.
"Well love, I guess this is goodbye." I said, and gave him a hug.
" Nah baby girl this is a see you later." he said, then kissed me on my forehead, hugged me back, and pulled my shirt down.
''Cake too poppin, gotta to keep these niggas away from my babygal."I laughed, kissed him on the cheek and walked towards my flight. I put on my shades to cover up my now, red eyes.
"Aye,wait up Key!"I turned around and saw Lucky.
"I forgot to give you your going away present." He slipped this envelope in my coat pocket, kissed my cheek, and then ran off.
.................................................................................................................................................................................

Well loves, How was it?
Dont forget to vote.
Oh, Can someone tell me how to add pictures to the multi-media?
Sorry for the shortness.Next one will be longer.

Hi!!!!!
This story is 'bout references, qoutes, song lyrics, ect. You will find the most random, crazy and funny things in here, but also tgey could be serios so........yeah.
Hope you enjoy it, byeee!!!!
~Nellyxxx
My first ever chibi and first ever time drawing enderlox so don't judge. My best friend @nixdatademon has a strange obsession with skybrine, enderlox, and witherMU (like seriously she even has a reading list of stories about these guys) so I thought I'd give her a present. If your reading this, Twilight, then if you want I could draw Skybrine next but I don't know. Hope you like it!
Time taken: 3 hours, 12 minutes, and 48 seconds (altogether since I edited it a few times; might edit again)Program: ibisPaint X (free)Songs: Frame of Mind (Monstercat 017 - Ascension)And i forgot which others but this is what i listened to half the time in drawing this
WARNING: Gay, may include a little bxb, suicidal, depressed, cutting, bullied, bullies, teenager, outcast, different, school, abused
This isn't some fluffy oogly lovey dovey type of story. This isn't going to be about true love and relationships. This is about a boy, struggling through his life to find himself. Darian faces many challenges, and what you see on surface, is but a shadow of who he used to be. Inside, Darien is broken, shattered, depressed. But with every challenge he faces, he finds out a bit more about himself. But with every challenge he faces, he becomes stronger, and grows. But one day, will it all be too much? Will he use what he has gained, or will he just end it all?
"You'll never get the puck into my net!" I told Alex. I was way better at street hockey than him, or hockey in general considering I play on Rose Lake High's varsity team as a freshman.
"Oh yeah?" He challenged as he shot the puck at my net, but I easily blocked it. I walked up to him and ruffled his brown hair.
"Oh yeah," I confirmed, a slight smirk on my face.
My brother, Spencer, walked outside and gave me an approving nod.
"Nice job little sis," he said.
"Thanks!" I smiled. The only reason I was so good at hockey was because of Spencer. He taught me everything I needed to know about hockey. Basically, I idolized him, and not just because he plays hockey but because he's an all around great person. Spencer's nice, funny, popular, and because I never had a dad, he became like a mini dad to me since he was four years older than me.
"I call having Spencer on my team," Alex half shouted.
"That's not fair! You guys would whip on me!" I countered.
Spencer laughed at Alex and I's argument. "You two can be on one team and I'll be on my own," he suggested.
So we went through with Spencer's idea, and I took my spot in the center.
****
"Frankie!" My mom called. "It's time for dinner!"
I groaned. Didn't Mom know I was watching the Indianapolis Indians play baseball? I slowly got up and walked into the kitchen. Spencer just finished setting the table for dinner.
"Sit down," Mom ordered. "We're having enchiladas."
"Alright. Alright. Let's hurry this up 'cause I've got a game to watch."
My mom sighed and rolled her eyes. "You know someday, Frankie, your life won't revolve around sports."
"Well that day isn't today. And tomorrow isn't looking good either," I said with a hint of sarcasm. "What do you want me to do, Mom? Wear so much make up that I look like Barbie? Curl or straighten my hair everyday? I'd kind of rather not be bald by the time I turn 30."
My mom sighed again. There was no point in arguing with her when she got that way, so I just took my spot at the table next to Spencer.
After Mom sat down for dinner, she popped the question that comes around everyear, and every year I dread it more and more. "So, sweetie, are you excited for your first day of High School tomorrow?"
"It's just another day of school. All the same people just a few different classes."
She chuckled. "You never get excited about anything. Spencer, are you excited for your first day as a Senior in High School?"
"Yeah."
"You kids are so nonchalant these days."
"You're just old fashioned, Ma," I joked.
"Just eat your enchilada."
After dinner, I went upstairs to the gaming room to play the Xbox, but I found myself unable to concentrate. Despite what I told my mom, I truly was nervous for my first day of High School. I only had one class with both of my best friends. I had classes with other people that I was friends with, but it isn't the same. I didn't want to grow apart from either of my best friends, Carter and Olivia.
Eventually, I went down the hall to my bedroom. I groaned when I realized it was 11 o'clock because in seven hours I would be waking up.
************************************************************************A/N: Hey guys! This is the first chapter for my new book (obviously), and it is a Co-Author with CatWeasley7. I'm writing the book in Frankie's POV and she is writing it in Delaney's POV. Cat's book is called To The Breaking Point, so go check it out! I'm also going to put it on my Reading List.
As an author, I really like to interact with my readers, so every chapter I have a couple questions that I ask about the book or yourself. Next chapter I will answer the same questions I offer for my readers. I really like it when people do answer, but whatever. I mean it only fills me with confidence. Psh! Who needs that? Okay. Me. Now I'm sounding desperate, so I'm going to move on.
Chapter 1's Questions:1. Do you have any siblings?2. Who is your favorite wattpad author?
Next Chapter: First day of school!
Update: Next Saturday
Please vote and comment! Thanks for reading!
My name is Justin Drew Bieber. Honey brown eyes, 5'8, brownish hair, tattoos and abs. I'm a very athletic person if you ask me. Captain of the basketball team, I play tennis, I run and I love dancing. To keep all of that up though, I have to pass my classes. School isn't that hard, I get good grades and all but I just don't care for it, at all.
I have some friends but I don't trust a lot of people. I don't let people close to me either, you have to gain my trust in you before I even let you know what my favorite meal is. It's that bad, never know who you can't trust nowadays. The good part about it is that I don't talk to many people and there's less drama.
I'm not as charismatic as other boys are to girls or to boys. I don't even know what I am yet, sexual preference wise, all I know is that I like what I like. Maybe I'm foodsexual? That's a thing, right? Well even if it's not, its my thing so, we're using that.
There's this one boy though. I don't know his name, but he's pretty good looking. Well at least from all the guys I've seen at my school, he's at the top of the list. I bet you he has girls nude by the time he says "hi". Like just the magnificence of his voice, would kill them, probably me too.
It's best to keep my distance though.
:-:
My name is Jason Andrew McCann. Ice blue eyes, 6'1, blonde hair, tattoos, abs, bad boy appearance, as some would say. There's nothing special about me except my face, body, and charm. Probably not passing school, but as of right now, I couldn't give a rats ass. I mean, I find it pointless, like there is really no point in us going to school because now we only try to pass school, we aren't learning.
I don't think I'll need trigonometry and calculus to know how to count money and buy groceries or clothing. All I need in all honesty is adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing, and percentages for deals and that's all I need for math. Everything else is useless.
I don't like anybody at school. All a bunch of impeccable swines. Each and every one of them, even the teachers, except for this one student. His name is Justin. Justin Bieber. To say that I want and need him would be an understatement. That boy is my whole life and I haven't even stood next to the dude for crying out loud.
Once I get him close enough to me, I'll capture him and make sure he becomes mine, if not...
Houston, we have a problem.
---WOOOOHHHH!!
My first Jastin book is on lift off. I always read Jastin or Jerek books, so now I wanna write one of my own, for the fun of it. Well this should be good I hope. Not very long, but longer chapters to come, I just wanted to put a little information out there.
Please give me feedback and I'll update the next chapter soon.
Xx
"Come on Dan, were gonna be late" Phil shouted. Dan was just crawling out of bed with only 10 minutes to spare. He ran to the bathroom and had a shower, before straightening his hair and throwing on some half decent jeans and a button down shirt. When he emerged from his bedroom, Phil was waiting for him.
"What took you so long? We have to leave" He looked down at his imaginary watch "5 minutes ago! What were you doing?"
"Sleeping" was all he grunted out. "Hey Phil, can we stop at starbucks on the way back? Or I'm gonna be really grumpy."
"Sure, whatever"
They both bundled into a taxi and set off to lakeshore adoption house, which was only 10 minutes down the road on foot, but the boys were too lazy to walk. When they arrived, they noticed that the outside was covered in a gross yellow-mustard colour, and the paint was long past peeling. It fell across the brick in long strands, almost as if someone had painted it with strips of masking tape. The door was bright red, and was too peeling. It appeared that the house would have once looked happy and inviting, but the many years of neglect had reversed the effects of the bright coloured paints. Both boys stepped inside catiously, and were immeadiately greeted with grubby walls, and a dirty carpet, which looked as if many pairs of feet had passed over the exact spot they were stood, as the carpet was worn and tatty on the edges. They both approached the desk in the corner of the room, and waited for assistance. A woman stepped out minutes later, dressed in a long gray skirt, and a beige, flowy top. She looked to be in her mid-thirties, yet her face told a different story. It was addorned with deep wrinkles and dark circles were permanantly affixed around her watery gray eyes. She shot them a weak smile, befor speaking up, her voice cracked, as though she had been shouting moments before.
"Hello, boys. How may I help you?" She looked at Dan first, and then Phil, before discreetly sighing under her breath. Many young couples had passed through those doors today, and these too were no different. They were all the same. They all wanted the little girls with the pigtails and tutu's. The home held 26 children, and 13 of them were over 11. No one ever wanted them, and in all honesty, she felt sorry for them. They too had been here all their lives, but hadn't lucked out quite enough when they were at the 'adoptable age' as they put it. It wasn't fair on them.
"Hi" Phil spoke up, Dan hiding behind him. "We would like to adopt a girl, a teenager if possible, one around 11, to 15?" The womens eyes lit up, and suddenly she was intruiged.
" Yes, yes, of course, right this way" She stammered, maybe a little too eagerly. But she didn't care. One of the teens were gonna be rescued from this hell hole. Something like this happened maybe once every 3 months, and she was exited. They got so many children passing in and out of that door very day, yet not one of them had been a teenager yet this year, and it was May. She called up the stairs of the lobby for the kids, and they came bundling down the stairs like elephants. They all stood in a line in front of the stairs, and Dan and Phil were impressed by their organisation. They could tell they had been rehersing for th occasion. Once they were all down stairs, the woman counted them, and, once satisfied they were all there, she said a line the boys were convinced she had recited 1 million times.
"Good morning, children"
"Good morning Miss Gulliver" The teens chanted back. Most of them looked like the average, preppy teens, with natural makeup, and obsetions with pop groups. A few of them were slutty, and wors revealing clothes and way too much makeup. A couple of them were scene, and wore heavy black rings around their eyes and sported many peircings. Only one of them stood out to Dan, and that was the one who was on the end. She had been the last to come down the stairs, and was smaller than the rest. She had long, lucious brown locks that spiraled down to her lower back. Her gaze was set on the crusty carpet, and she wore a black MCR t-shirt, which said "We'll carry on" in large, white lettering, and a pair of black jeans. They were meant to be skinny, yet her legs seemed too thin to fill them, so they hung off her like robes. He nudged Phil, and gestured towards her. By now all the other girls had started to mill around, yet she stayed where she was, too scared to join in with the conversations. They approached her carefully, and up close, Dan could see she had been crying, for her blushed cheeks were tear stained and her deep brown eyes were red and puffy. She fiddled with her fingers, until Dan spoke up
"Hey" He said softly, and the small girl jumped back in suprise. "Whats your name?"
"Millie" She replied back, her voice small and fragile. Dan looked up at Phil, and he nodded.
"Well, Millie, how would you like to come home with us?"
"Really?" Her eyes lit up, and her small arms wrapped around Dan's tall frame.
"Really really." He laughed back, returning the gesture. "Sure, okay" She seemed giddy, yet still trudged up the stairs carefully and slowly, as if trying not to be seen. The boy's quickly filled out the papers, and an hour of files and horribly boring interviews later, the 3 were ready to go. They called another black taxi and arrived at starbucks.
"What would you like millie?" They asked her. During th hour, they found out Millie's background, and decided not to bring it up. Ever. They also found out that she is 12, and has an unhealthy obsession with bands, all of which Dan and Phil like, so thats good.
"Erm, I have never been here before, so I guess just a coffee?" She replied, still catious around her new parents.
"Okay, whatever you want." He turned to the cashier "Please can I have 1 regular coffee, and 2 Caramel Macchiatos to go"
Once the coffees were ready, the trio set off walking to thee apartment, content in the comfortable silence, and engrossed in their own thoughts.

Izzy's POVI walked through the creepy forest, in the dead of night, the wind making my blonde hair stretch out behind me. I looked around cautiously. This forest always scared the crap out of me. The trees towered over me like skyscrapers, as if they were trying to make me feel small and useless. Well, it seemed to be working. After the break-up with Adam, everything in the world seemed much faster, as if time didn't want me to have a break. It sucked.
I wished the walk from my house to Jullia's wasn't so long. The wind made made me shiver, and suddenly I got the odd feeling that someone was watching me. *snap*Went a branch a few meters away."Hello" I yelled out into the darkness. "Is anyone there??" I said.No response.I decided it would be best if I kept on walking. ***David's POV"Okay, so when I get to the airport, I'm gonna run forward, and wrap him in a hug!!!" Hope cried, a smile glued to her face.
"Hope, how the hell are you going to get to the airport if you have no one to drive you. It's in Toronto, and HOUR AND A HALF AWAY! Look, I think it's time you tell your mom about this relationship!!" I said
"No way! I can't have her knowing I'm with Nick!!" Hope whispered, suddenly afraid her mom would overhear from upstairs. We were sitting in hopes basement, watching Once Upon A Time. But we weren't really paying attention anymore. Hope keeps on obsessing about her boyfriend, Nick. They had been dating for 2 weeks now. I being her best friend, didn't trust him at all, and wanted her to never see him again. He seemed to be a bad boy. But, hope hasn't told anyone about this relationship but me. It's kinda weird how secret this seems to be. Hope never cared about people knowing about any of her past boyfriends. Something weird was up, and I was going to get to the bottom of it. Hope is only 13, like everyone else in my class. I just don't want her to get hurt...
"So, back to the whole getting to the airport thing. Ya, how's that gonna happen!?" I ask.
"You'll know when the time comes..." Hope said, almost evily. Her brown eyes glimmered for a second, then went back to normal. Something was definetly up with her...***Izzy's POVI was so relieved when I reached my house. But not at all relieved when I entered. "Dad!?" I said, as I opened the front door to find him kissing my mom in the hallway! "What the hell are you doing her."My history with my dad wasn't pleasant...Him and my mom got a divorce when I was 10. He was always working and I never really got to know him anyways. But 3 years later he decides to come back, out of the blue. I was furious.*The next day at school, I avoided Adam for as long as possible. It wasn't easy. He's beautiful blond hair, always glowing wherever he is. He smelt like cologne, and fresh air. He was tall, with perfect green eyes that you could stare at for days.I snapped out of my stupor to find myself face to face with the guy I was just thinking about."You won't tell anyone my secret, right... You haven't, right!" Adam whispered, as students walked by.
"No! Of course not!" I whispered back.
"Good." Tears started to form in his eyes. "Because if you do, I will take you down....."

“What’s depression like?” he asked.



It’s like drowning. Except you can see everyone around you breathing.

It’s that what doesn’t kill you, makes you wish it did.

It makes you wonder what the fuck you did wrong to suffer this.

It forces you to fake a smile every day.

It forces you to lie to everyone around you, promising them you’re fine.

It forces you to build walls around you and let nobody in.

It makes you sad. Everything makes you sad.

It causes you not to trust anyone anymore.

It hurts you so bad you can’t breathe anymore.

It makes you believe all the bad things people say about you.

It makes you feel worthless.

It makes you feel like nothing.

It makes you numb.

It makes you feel like a failure.

It makes you push even your best friends away.

It makes you feel like something is trying to kill you on the inside.

It never succeeds.

It makes you wish things you shouldn’t be wishing.

It fucks you up.

It makes you fuck yourself up.

It breaks you down.

It makes you want to be alone.

It makes it impossible for you to sleep.

It makes you feel like you’re the only person in the world.

It makes you feel like nobody cares about you.

It makes you regret everything you ever did.

It makes you write things like this.

It makes you listen to sad songs.

It makes me who I am.

It makes me someone I don’t wanna be.



I was born on the August 2th 1995. That makes me seventeen. My name is Kyran, my friends like to call me Rain.

I’ve been called many things, many names. People left me, people hurt me, people made me cry and then laughed because that was exactly what they wanted me to do.

If I would tell people my story, they would call me an attention seeker. Maybe I am an attention seeker. Maybe attention is exactly what I want.

Because somewhere people like me don’t really want to die. We want to be saved.

I know what it’s like to want to die. How it hurts to smile. How you try to fit in but you can’t. How you hurt yourself on the outside to try to kill the thing on the inside.

I know exactly what it’s like.

I know how some of you struggle to get up every day, disappointed because you woke up again.

I know how you want to ask for help, but every time you get the chance to, you don’t.

“You fake a smile, lie and say that, you’re better now than ever and you’re life’s okay.”

But it’s not.



I have friends. They know how I feel. They know my story, they know my past, they know who I am. They know every part of me, even the dark ones. They know my wishes, what I want the most, the things I do.

They try to help me. They try to help me through. They will always be there when I cry. They will always hold me when I ask for it.

But I can’t ask for it. I can never ask for things like that. I can never ask for someone to help me or hold me. I’m scared to be hugged. I’m scared for someone to hold my hand.

Why?

Because of my parents.

Because of the two people that are supposed to hold me and hug me when I ask for it.

They never did.

They never do.

They punish me for being born. They abuse me because I breathe something I shouldn’t be doing in their eyes.

Yes, I’m still alive because of my friends. But not only because of my friends. Because I know dying is exactly what my parents want me to do.

And the last thing I’m going to do is give them what they want.



What depression is like?



It’s horrible.

But it isn’t impossible to survive.

It isn’t impossible to make you stronger.

It isn’t impossible to see light, just for a moment.

It isn’t impossible to let someone in, as long as you try hard enough.

It isn’t impossible to forget, even if it’s just for a moment.

It isn’t impossible to defeat.



I might haven’t found the ways to do all of those things yet. But I have moments when I’m sure I will.

We all can.



And yes. I do have my problems. I am struggling.

But if you ever need to talk.

If you ever feel like you’re going to leave.

Talk to me.

Just for a moment.

Because I’ll try to make you believe you’re worth it.

Even when I don’t believe I am worth it.

Even when I want to leave.

Even when I feel just as down as you.

Even when I cry just as much as you do at that moment.

I will try to make you stay.

Because I know how you feel.

Jake: Little OneJames: Tall QuiffCharlie: BabyReece: CupcakeCasey: Bad pickup linerTom: CutieChris: The Irish weirdoBarclay: Badass Barc
Heather CraigHeather is 19 and really energetic. She has brown hair, brown eyes and kinda tall. She's also a dancer.
Angela ReisAngela is 19 and very shy. She has dark brown, hair brown eyes and super tall. Her life consists of bands and social media.
Samantha ReisSamantha is 19 and very sassy. She has medium brown, hair brown eyes and cutely short. She is Angela's twin sister.
Lucy AckersLucy is 19 and very bold. She has naturally blonde hair that she dyed light brown with purple highlights, blue eyes and average height. She is very old school and likes a lot of classic rock music.
The girls are all best friends and have been since 5th grade. Angela was the first to like 5sos but since they were all so close, they all started liking them. This is What A Girl Wants.
A/N: hey guys I'll probably update every weekend or so.. This is my first book so don't judge me I'm a really bad writer. Hahaha. But I hope you enjoy!
Y/N's P.O.VThomas has been weird lately, when I am talking to him he seems not to listen, it's like something has been bothering him, he is usually so sweet and gentle, but I just know there's something bothering him, I just want him to tell me what it is, we usually tell everything to each other. Maybe I should ask him, or maybe not, I just don't want him to get mad.
Thomas' P.O.V"Dylan, can I talk to you about something?" I asked to Dylan who was sitting across the couch while we were watching a football game."Sure bro." He replayed.He turned off the T.V and looked at me, hopping at some point I would say something."Dylan, I want to marry Y/N." I saud as he smiled."Dude, that's so awesome!" He screamed as he stood up, to hug me.--Later--I didn't knew wich ring to chose, everyone was so happy, Kaya was trying to help me, but I just said no to all the rings she picked, Y/N deserves something so special, I love her, but I think the guys are getting impatient, because everytime they picked a ring I just said no, what if she says no? What if I am not enough? That must be she is so gorgeous, and special."Thomas, look at this one!" Kaya said.I walked up to her, I was about to say no when I saw it a beautiful white gold engagement ring with a precious diamond in the center."Yes." I finally said.
Y/N's P.O.VI was watching Friends, my favorite T.V show when I heard my phone.I took it from the brown nightstand and unlocked my phone to see one new message from Thomas.From: ThomasBabe, we don't we both meet at the park tonight, I've got something to tell you, meet you there at 7:30?I love you xx
I looked at the clock, 6:50 I needed to dress up since I am wearing a couple if sneakers and my pajamas.
To: ThomasMeet you at the park then. Love you too <3You send the message and changed ti your light pink dress with your Brown coat and brown boots.
Thomas' P.O.VIt's 7:27 and Y/N hasn't arrive, what if she us mad?Kaya tapped my left shoulder I turned around."Thomas Y/N is right there."She said, I turned around to look at the gorgeous girl I fell in love with, her hair falled gracefully behind her back, her eyes make the stars look like they are not shinnig, she, steals my heart.All of a sudden all if my worries, go away when I heard her beautiful voice."Thomas." She says as she hugs me."I-I want to talk to you about something." I said getting lost in her beauty, oh what this girl does to me."What is it?" She said sitting down."Y/N, since the first moment I saw you, I fell in love with your beauty, you are so beautiful, and so caring, I love you, honestly I don't know what I did to deserve you, you catch my breath, you never let me fall, I love you, you are my everything, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you, will, will you be mine, will you marry me?""Oh, Thomas I love you. Yes, Yes!!!" She screamed while hugging me.I took out the ring and placed it on her fourth finger.I love her. All of the guys who were hidden behind the bushes came out and congratulated us."I love you Thomas.""I love you more Y/N."
"Ella Snow- you are needed in the business lounge for a short meeting." The voice from the intercom in my room repeats for the third time. I brushed my brown hair down past my shoulders, but not quite to my chest. I slip on my black leather vest, and shove my key-card into the breast pocket. The cold air of the hallway brushes the hairs on my arm. The door to my dormitory shuts behind me and makes a cold locking sound. Chuckling, while shaking my head, I sprint down the hallway. To the right- open second door on the left, then the third one on the left again, go down that hall until I reach the vault like door that waits for me. I type in my special code-713223-and the door turns and opens. My hair is swept back from the wind, and I step in to the boring room. Grey is on every wall, the happiest thing is a packet of papers at our leaders chair.
"Sorry... I got the message when I got in my room after school." I try to make up an excuse for being late to the surprise meeting.
"School ended 2 hours ago." says the professor sitting directly across from me.
" I was with Ryan. We were shopping." I drop my head low and my voice is barely a squeak. Its not my fault they do things to the couples.
"How is everything by the way?" asks our leader, Madame Kovarian.
"Sick, I don't feel like doing anything, getting bigger." I scoff at the people at the table. I hate what they have done to me. Not to mention, my friends, and to my parents.
"Ok, well right down to business." Says Madame Kovarian as if it was all normal what they have been forcing on people for 20 years now. I just sigh and fall into my seat. "We face a threat from The Doctor once again. He has sent us a message. 'We are coming for the girl.' We don't know which girl he is talking about, or when. It is quite a vague message, and I believe its real this time. If you check the origination of the message, it was sent from his TARDIS, and its not some silly schoolboy, or a major hacker, like the previous times. What do you suggest we do?"
Head of defense is tapping the table with his fingers, and our three professors are staring out into space, like they're thinking of some sort of chemical that can kill The Doctor. Head of Defense speaks up "More guards in every corridor. And maybe-" But he is cut off by Madame Kovarian.
"We don't have any more men to put on duty. We just lost quite a few in the nuclear radiation accident from last year. It scared people to not sign up for the military." I roll my eyes at our leader. She can be a real pain. Always rude, never caring about other people.
"We can use a chemical that can be inhaled, drunk, or eaten that makes him pass out, then take guards away from highly populated areas and deploy them over by the girl once he specifies" A professor explains.
"That could work. But what about his friends he's going to bring along." asked another professor.
"How do you know he is going to bring friends. Maybe he doesn't want to put them into danger. Maybe this girl means nothing. and he is just retrieving her for a family." I retort anger boiling up. They brainwash all the citizens to think The Doctor is a horrible man with no sense, and he declares wars on innocent countries and leaders. The history books have endless lessons on the war of Demons Run. Which is this city. We are called Demons Run. I was 5 years old when this war happened. That war was 11 years ago, and apparently he declared it upon us for no reason. But I know that he wouldn't do that. For some reason, I remember the Doctor, I see him in my dreams, he calls for me. He isn't what the books say he is. I know he is more.
Ahoy! It be me GirlVersionOfFoxy but ya can call me Roxy! Tis' here book will be filled with random FNAF stuff! But before we start!ATTENTION!!!! ANY VIDOES OR PHOTOS DO NOT BELONG TO ME!! ALL CREDIT GOES TO THE CREATORS/ARTISTS!!
So yeah I don't own any of the photos/videos soon in this book! But if they do! I'll put a little © before I start!! Thanks!!!
Miyah ~ wassup y'all my name miyah but my nick name Mimi so that's what ima get called I'm from Atlanta my bestfriend is keke we been rocking it for 8 years now I'm 18 I'm mixed with black , Indian , and Mexican me and my bestfriend keke stay in a condo together and that's enough about me
Keke~ yo wassup my name keke and I'm 18 I'm mixed with black and indian my bestfriend is Mimi we been rocking it for 8 years and our bond strong asl she like a sister to me that girl crazy doe she always tryna fight that's why she my Besties we both love fighting well anyways I stay and atl and I go to ATL high (made that up ) well that's enough about me catch ya later
Trey ~ wassup yo dis ya nigga trey I'm 19 I go to ATL high I'm brownskinn with pretty teeth with tatoos I'm 6'7 I play basketball and foot ball I stay in ATL my bro is august well bestfriend but that sound gay so bro we been rocking for 8 years na  well dats enough
August~ aye dis ya main (man) aug I'm 19 I do to ATL high I'm lightskinn tatted up my bruhh trey we been rocking for 8 years I'm 6'8 and I play basketball well dats enough about me .
So, here begins my collection of free verse, often angsty and depressive, poetry. I would like to thank @ChickNAlfredo, @ZheDollophead and every one else for encouraging me to write more. Thank you guys so much! [epecially for your support of my other poetry collection Wonderland]
I hope you enjoy it! I also hope you do well in Chemistry cos, right now, I'm not.

-- Alice
This is from the story I wrote before, and all I did was change the ship!👌-------------------------------------------------Nash's POV•I woke up to Cam yelling... "Come on Nashy get up!!!!" He whined. "Why?" I ask, "because all the boys are down stairs and we're gonna play truth or dare. And I know you don't want to miss it because it your favorite game!" Can stated, "fine but don't start until I'm ready" I told him. "Yayyy!!!!!!, thanks nashy" he yelled then kissed my cheek and left the room. When he left I couldn't help but touch the cheek his lips once lingered on. But I'm not even gay! I thought to myself, at least that's what I thought....Cam's POV•Man it's so boring right now I wish Nash would hurry up. Then as if on cue Nash walked in the room and yelled "who's ready to play truth or dare with the master?!" And everyone started busting out laughing. After we all got settled down again Aaron finally asked "ok so who wants to go first?...", "Ohhhh I wanna go first, me pick me!!" Jj basically screamed. "Ok JJ you can go first" Aaron chuckled, "ok so can truth or dare" he asked me while smirking evily. "Dare" I said proudly, "ok I dare you to kiss... Nash!". After those last few words slipped off his tongue I wanted to kill him. He was the only person I told about my crush on Nash! I mean I trusted him. Plus how could you not like Nash? I mean with his gorgeous eyes, soft hair, perfect body... Ok never mind your  getting off track Cameron keep it together!Nash's POV•I looked over at Cam to see that he was deep in thought but that's didn't last for long because 5 seconds later he came and sat in my lap and started to slowly lean in and when are lips met it was like a volcano erupted in my stomach. But when we pulled apart he asked the question I've been longing to hear, "boyfriends?" "Boyfriends".-----------------------------------------------Hope you enjoyed my first one shot?!?! Anyways plz like & comment requests😋?{ unedited✌️}Follow me on Instagram?: @newt_is_life✨😈.Stay strong💕💕-Kj💁
It's been two months since Edward left and all I can feel is despair..'my love, my heart, my soul...the look on his face dead and seething...till this day I still ask myself why me...I always knew his world moved toofast and burned too bright ,but I just thought that maybe he really  did love me like he said he did. Im in pain he left me...he left me..he left me...i wrap my arms around my knees and pull the upward to my chin. He's gone he doesn't want me anymore..so why couldn't I get that!I'm no longer his he left me,but I still wish him the best..I love him he doesn't love me. It's twelve o clock he'd be here now if he were here with his arms around me he'd kissing me passionately he'd STOP!I HAVE TO STOP! I cry I cry myself to sleep i'm no longer happy no my happiness left me in the woods my happiness tpok my heart out of my chest and stepped on it with his very being no I don't have happiness. Now all i am is cold, scared, beaten up, and worst of all I'm alone.
(KAYLA ON COVER)"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."-Marilyn Monroe
Being a teen at highschool can be a challenge. You have a lot of work to face everyday, teachers and groupies. Since I'm a senior it really doesn't matter anymore because I won't have to see them after I graduate out of this crappy school. Its the middle of January and nothing has changed about anyone here at William E. Carter High. We got thugs on the basketball team, thots and bitches on the cheerleading squad that look walking stds but that ain't nun of my business, old and young teachers that are also thots, People that don't wanna be bothered and are smart but they all call them nerds, and then there's me and my squad. They call me Kayla. A tall girl with nothing but thickness. A lot of booty and d cup breasts. I get a lot of attention but not more attention than this bitch named Tammy but I'm not gonna get into detail with her. I continued writing notes for math class and stopped when someone tapped me on my back. I turned my head slightly and my eyes met with a white envelope. I took it and read it to myself. "Aye yo ma, I was wondering if a nigga could take you out ta dinner ta see where things could go from there if you know what I mean," I tucked the letter in my binder and kept writing until the bell rung. I grabbed my books and walked to my locker. It's the end of the day so I grabbed my duffle bag for cheerleading practice and my book bag out my locker before turning to a familiar face behind me. A face that I haven't seen since the 5th grade. "Jamal?" I looked the guy up and down before I started to turn red. I've always had a crush on him but I kept it between me and my two best friends. I thought I'd never see him again.He stood at 6 feet , 3 inches, fair- skinned, and chains hangin from his neck, and waves that would drive a girl crazy. Just like how I remember him, I found myself too caught up in how I felt that I forgot about what I had to do. I looked into his eyes, being put under his spell. "Sup girl, I see you remembered me," he says biting his bottom lip. Who could forget bout someone his fine? I looked away, trying to avoid him seeing me blush. "Nope I didn't forget bout you at all," I looked down at shoes, avoiding eye contact. That's when I heard the most dreadful voice nearby. " Ayo Cash, we still on for that date tonight?" Tammy says approaching us wit her little side bitch, Roshanda. I felt heart broken, for him to go out with a bitch like that, well, he is baller so I suppose that you could say that I'm jealous. " You know damn well I broke up wit yo ass 3 months ago so cut the shit," he watched me walk away. He caught my arm before I could walk farther away from them. "Don't be showing off cuz you know we still a thing, we run this school, together," she gave me that stank look like she was trying to tell me to get lost on sum shit. I stood perfectly still, with a smile on my face as I watched their little argument go on. "Iont know what the fuck your smiling for but you need to stop, I don't find this amusing at all," Roshanda says with putting her hands on her hips. I looked at the watch on my wrist and laughed to myself. The watch read 3:05, I'm 5 minutes late due to these hoes. "Look sweetie, you don't know me, so don't say shit me, Iont got time for y'all petty shit, I got more important shit to do, understand?" I adjusted the bag on my shoulder and flipped my hair over my shoulder while staring her dead in her eyes. "Bitch, Iont know who the fuck you think you talking to like that but it ain't me," she says taking a step closer to my face. Her breath reeked from the scent of weed, alcohol, onions, feet, ass, and hot Cheetos. I dug in my backpack and fished out a pack of gum and tick tacs. "I think you'd be needing these more than I do," I handed them to her in the nicest way. I heard a lot of laughter coming towards us, it was a group of boys that I was somewhat familiar with. "Oh shit, she said yo breath smell like shit, daymmm," one of the boys said. She smacked them out of my hands and I shrugged my shoulders. Her lost. "Hey Kayla, I ain't see you in a while," my old best friend, Kris says coming up to me and giving me a hug."Iont know why, I've been here since the beginning of the year, I can't really talk now I promise we'll catch up later," he smiled. "Ight, you still got my number?" I started to walk off. "I might, if not I'll get it from Jeremy," I said. I went to the bathroom to change into my squad captain outfit and went out to the field. I set my bags down on the bench before walking over to the girls. "Sorry for the delay girls, I was stuck in a little predicament but I'm here now," everyone's attention snapped towards me. "Girl you ain't got nothing to worry bout, we already did warm ups all we have to do is go over the rest of the dance," my co captain/best friend, Jessica says tying her hair long black hair into a high ponytail. "Good, c'mon girls, we got a less than one week till the next game, assume position." As soon as jumped up and got in their right spots, we started to practice. ************************************"Great job girls, yall got everything down so we're only gonna go over it for two more days, next Tuesday and Thursday," I say grabbing my phone and my speaker off the floor. We exchanged our goodbyes and exited through the front doors. I looked up from my phone to see that Jamal and the rest of his crew sitting on the step. "Hey Jess, how was practice," Jeremy says pulling Jessica into his arms. I turned around and automatically started blushing at the sight of Jamal standing before me. He gave me a questioning look and I read his mind. I sighed, thinking about the pros and cons of this situation. Pro: We can catch up on what happened in the 5th grade. Cons: I'd be seeing the two neighbourhood thots more often. "Fine, pick me up from my house at 7:30, don't stand me up either," he smiled and we exchanged numbers. "Excuse his rude ass, My name is Dice, your soon to be best friend," I turned my head to the guy named Dice. I laughed."Seriously? Dice? You couldn't possibly think about anything better den that?" He looked at me like I was crazy. "Don't hate, Dice is better then Cash," Jamal looked like he wanted to punch him in his face. I turned around to Jessica who was sitting on Jeremy's lap and smiled. She winked back at me and got up. Relationships goals. I turned back around to hear the boys argument. "Maynee what eva, I still get hella bitches," we laughed. "Well, I gotta go home and get ready. I'll see you tomorrow, best friend," I walked away, smiling so hard that my dimples popped out. I placed my bags in the back of Jessica's car and hopped in with her. "Awww, y'all is too cute together, I can't wait to tell Stephanie bout this!" I couldn't stop smiling. I can't wait to see how this night is going to turn out.
AND WE'ER BACK! I FELL. CRAP.  SKI TE KID ARR ESS REFERENCESEAUIOFB ALL AROUND YE BREH MM OY YA OOOHHH IASDBFUIO\VB










































































































































































































































































































well im off to a good start...
This is a water painting.
This one especially took a hell lot of time.
If you own a CP or laptop, do open it in a new tab to see the strokes and everything else. It will be much more clearer then.


Description:
Where Kelsey Fairfield's parents kick her out of her house and she has to go live with her 22 year old brother.
Who happens to live with his best friend?
They meet, and it's hate at first sight.
But is there something more?
What is up with mysterious Logan Mcallister? Why can't Kelsey stand him, but also wants to rip his clothes off constantly?
Read to find out (:
Why choke today when you can always choke tomorrow?
"Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'" - Bill Maher
p r o l o g u e: Tell Me It's Too Late Again, And I'll Hit You With a Spoon
I glance around the room and it is quite calm for some odd reason. What is incredibly great since I work in a suicide hotline. Silence means people are not comitting suicide or they are comitting and not calling.
No one was talking. They were all silent, waiting for which phone would break the silence and honestly, from the bottom of my heart I hoped it wasn't mine.
Don't take me the wrong way, I love knowing I can help people from taking their lives but I also feel traumatized when I hear them talk about what they've witnessed or done. It's traumatizing and sometimes, I get speechless what isn't very good because they need reassuring words.
Working in here isn't what I want, I want to be a doctor. Yes, a doctor. A very common dream, yes. But I didn't have the same motive as everyone else.
It seemed like a costume, a curse perhaps. Everyone in my family dies from natural causes, meaning diseases. My dad died from a heart attack, Mum died when she was giving birth to my younger sister, my maternal Grandma died from brain tumor, my Grandpa from my mum's side too, died from a lost bullet. Well, not exactly, he was okay with the bullet until he got an Ashtma attack.
That's how bad everything is in my family. Me and my little sister - Serena - got the Ashtma from our mum, so we don't really practice any sports, avoiding attacks or even death because you never know.
You wonder, with who the hell does this girl live? Yeah, well I live alone, at the age of seventeen, I live alone... Or with my younger sister. We had a guardian but she went once to get groceries and never came back. The police considered it as kidnapping but never did anything, in fact, they said it was a cold case and that they would give me and my sister to Foster Care.
And they almost did it, but I - with some connections - got a fake ID that said I was 18 when I was in fact 16 and got away with it. Well I'm turning 18 in like three months so it isn't a bother anymore.
Friends? I have some, I mean I consider them friends but I don't know if they consider me their friend. I've gotten quite reserved since my parents died, it happened to Serena too. The only person she actually talks abouy is this guy named Elliot. And she says that's just because she hates him.
The silence is finally broke when someone's phone's rings. Of course we don't see everyone so we just guess when they say 'Hello'. It rings for more five seconds and no one picks it up still, that's when I realize it is my phone ringing. I gulp and sigh before picking it up.
"It's too late," The voice on the other side says, panting and I cover my other ear when people start muttering among them.
"What? Hey, calm down, okay? Calm down and tell me what's wrong. I can..."
"No, you can't. You can't do anything. I've done it by now. It's too late to do anything else," He says again and my eyes widen.
"Tell me where you are, I'll send an ambulance and you're going to get out of this. Tell me your name and address, come on. Please," I say, my voice cracking a little. For some motive, I got scared, and worried at the same time.
It is a male voice and he seems like he's losing air.
"My name's... It's Dylan," He pauses and takes a long breath, hissing on the process.
"Dylan. Dylan, my name's Kiara. Okay? Tell me your address now, I can help you. Just breath in and out, then tell me the address," I say grabbing a paper and a pen, the best I can manage with my left hand, since I write with my right one.
"My address?"
"Yes Dylan, your address, come on," I say, hand shaking and fortunately he proceeds to say his address, I write it down, very weirdly and sigh when he finishes "Don't hang up, Dylan. I'll call the ambulance and you'll get out of it."
I take my phone out of my pocket and dial 911, both of my ears were occupied by now and I was sweating, like a pig, but nothing of that mattered as of now. I can't have someone die on me.
"I want white flowers..." I hear Dylan say very faintly and dial the ambulance again, why aren't they picking up? "In my funeral. I like white, my brother and parents had white on his... As well. And... And..."
"Dylan you are not going to die, okay? I won't let you," I say finally letting the tears fall from my eyes and diall the ambulance again.
"But I want to. It's almost...almost done anyways. I want You Are Not Alone by Michael Jackson playing," I let out a sob and one of my colleagues/friends - Kane - comes to see what's happening "I know it's a... Weird song for a funeral but I like it. Ask them to call Miami Gregory's Bor- boarding school too."
"Kai, hey. What's up?" He asks and I shake my heading, pressing the dial button on 911 again.
"Dylan, are you listening to me? Dylan. Dylan," I put my cellphone in my pocket and stand up, getting the paper where I wrote the address and pulling out the keys to my bike's lock "Cover for me."
Kane doesn't have any time to answer, before I'm taking off running out of the building, I get to the backyard, breathless and brush away my tears. I groan when the keys escape my hand and I groan outloud picking them up "Don't die Dylan. Don't die. I'm counting on you."
When I finally get to open the lock, I drop it on the floor and hop on the bike as fast as I can, which leads to me falling about two times on the way but manage to keep it up. I should've told someone.
Now someone's life is in my hands. Why am I so dumb? Street what? Wait... I just missed that turn.
I hop off the bike noticing I'm not very far away and take off running. I'm doing this for you, Dylan. Don't you dare die. I clutch the paper tight in my hands and take a look at it again.
House number 63.
I'm near house 57, I'm close. It's not that hard. I can do this, I can do this. Wait... I can't.
I want white flowers...
I take off running again but this time faster and let go of the paper, I must look like a crazy person as of now. Dylan. Don't die. Don't die.
I stop to look at the house's number and my eyes widen when I see the bold numbers on the mail box. Do I just get in like that? I look at the Audi standing proudly on the street and breath in and out before running to the door. For the first time I act without thinking and open the door.
Faint breaths are heard from the place where I'm standing and I run to the direction which is most probable, I stop and cup my mouth with both of my hands. A boy whom I supose is Dylan is standing bloody on the couch with vertical cuts up his arm.
"Dylan," I call out and move slowly to him "Dylan? Please be alive," I say kneeling down next to him "Dylan, it's me Kiara. Dylan."
I slowly reach out my hand to cup his cheek but retract when he opens his eyes "Kiara?"
"Yea," I breath out "It's me. Let's get you to the hospital, I promise. I promise you'll live, Dylan. Where are your car keys? I'll help you Dylan. I'm here for you. Dylan, where are your car keys?"
He blinks at me "From the suicide hotline?"
"Yes Dylan. The keys!" I exclaim and he breaths out but then hisses again.
"Pocket. Back pocket," He says and I groan standing up and closing my eyes. I move his body without looking and stick my hands in his pocket. I gracefully take the keys and open my eyes.
"Cop with me Dylan and you'll be okay, get it?" He faintly chuckles and I grab his arm putting it around my shoulder.
"That seemed like... Like something... Steve would say," I let out a breath and laugh, helping him stand. He seems like someone who's fun. Only someone fun would think about Hawaii Five-0 in the verge of death.
"I know. Just hold on, okay," He nods and with my help stands up, I hold most of his weight on my right side and start dragging him towards the door "Where's the nearest hospital, Dylan?"
"Fairview," He mutters and I nod "Am I bleeding too much?" I look at his arms and imediately take my eyes away and look at his face. He was expecting to die. He wanted to die.
"Dylan, stay with me. Please," I plead when I put him in the passenger seat and he blinks at me. I reach out to his cheek and caress it "Please."
"I can't, it's too late." He says and I blink away my tears but it results on them falling down, I close the door and get to the driver's seat. Putting the keys in the ignition like my dad taught me, I twist them and the engine roars.
"Tell me it's too late again, and I'll hit you with a spoon," I say looking for something to start driving the car and he chuckles, weakly.
"There's no spoon around here."
"I'll find one"
So I have never drove a car. Never in my life, I stick to making the environment clean and that might cost me a life. I put my hands on the steering-wheel but then take them off. Okay, that might cost me two lives, but if I get it right, I might save one "You've never drove a car!" Dylan says and I put my hands on the wheel "I'm dead."
I gulp once and look at Dylan's face, he's relaxed. He wants to freaking die. And then I look at his arms, he stabbed himself. I press the pedal and the car goes forward.
My dad had taught me one thing or another when I was 12, I barely remember any of it but please be enough. And to be honest, I think I've played enough parking games to know the basic about driving.
"Lead the way."
"Stop the car."
"Just lead the way, Dylan."
"Stop the car Kiara. You're going to get us killed."
"Isn't that what you want Dylan? To die? Isn't that why you called the line? Yea, you want to die then be it but you won't be alone in this, okay? You die, I die too. Either lead the way or we die, together."
I grip the wheel and I hear him faintly say left, I turn to the left and almost instantly see the Fairview Madden Hospital sign. I thank god for being that close and then realize, I don't know how to park. Wait, the games. The games.
Somehow and with some luck, I manage to stop the car. Not park it. Stop it. It gets to the middle of the street and I swear before opening the door and walking out of it. I could've came by foot, this is just next door.
My eyes widen when I see Dylan is immobile on the passenger's seat, his eyes are closed and his breath is not very noticeable "Dylan."
My vision is blurry from the tears but I brush them away and grip his shirt "Be alive, Come on, don't die on me. Dylan," I say and look around "Someone help me," I shout and one of the guards from the hospital finally notices me.
"Miss, what...."
"I think he's not breathing. Is he dead? I.... I can't lose him!" And for some reason, I was talking the truth. I couldn't have him die on me, not because it would be prejudicial for my files or something, but because I felt like I care deeply for the boy in front of me.
"He's alive-" The guard takes his fingers from his neck and looks at his arms "For now. He can die from blood loss, just manage to park the car. I'll take him inside," I sob even more avoiding parking the car because let's be honest and thank games because without them I'd be six feet down.
"You... Uhm you park the car. I don't think I have enough... Energy to do it," I lie and he nods before putting Dylan's hand over my shoulder with the guard's help. He is still breathing. It's okay. I'm okay. Dylan is okay. We are okay.
For now.
"Someome help me please," I scream as I get into the hospital after giving the guard, the keys and luckily a nurse comes to my rescue, she opens her mouth and I cut her off "Please don't ask me what happened. Just take him."
With some difficulty, she grabs Dylan off of my shoulder and calls someone else - another nurse, a man this time - to help her and they walk off. Before I can avoid it, I'm sobbing and looking at the mess tgat was made of me.
"Miss, hey. Uhm would you... Can you..." A male, very deep voice says and I look up to see him. He has blonde hair and brown eyes, his hair is quite long so it is tied up in a bun. A bun.
"Yea?"
"I just... I'm sorry but you're worrying other patients. You're full of blood and..." I look down at my clothes and yes. I am indeed full of blood.
I sigh before saying "I'm waiting for someone. I'm not hurt, I just brought someone."
He nods "What about we get some coffee while you wait. It helps me calm down sometimes," I shake my head almost too quick.
"I don't drink coffee, thanks. Oh, excuse me," I say wiping my cheeks again and walking over the nurse who took Dylan "Is he okay?"
"I don't know, honey. I'm sorry. The doctor said he didn't need anyone to do something, so he's there alone with your friend. I'm sorry for what happened," She says honestly and I nod managing to control the tears in.
"But it's alright? He's alright, right? If the doctor doesn't need anyone, it means he doesn't have a death risk," She pats my shoulder and looks at me as sympathetically she can.
"I don't know, honey," Damn you for not knowing anything. What the hel- "I'm sorry but I'll have to ask you some questions now, about your friend."
I nod "Okay."
She guides me to the balcony where patients check in and then I feel a presence beside me "Doctor June," The guy from earlier sticks out his hand and I look at mine which is bloody and shake my head "Just go ahead. I'll be here," He directs to the nurse this time and she nods.
"What're your and his name?"
"Kiara and Dylan, respectively."
"Dylan? Dylan what?"
"I... I don't know," I say honestly. He never mentioned that before, he didn't say anything about that.
Her eyebrows furrow "You don't know?"
"We met a month ago. We never mentioned surnames," I lie and she nods typing that down. Please something easy.
"How old is he?"
My eyes widen when I blurt out "18," What if he isn't eighteen? I'm so screwed.
"And parents' names or any relative for that matter," I put my hair behind my ears and lick my lips. Parents?
My brother and parents had white on his
I want white flowers
In my funeral
"They're dead. His parents are dead and so is his brother. I don't think he has any more family near here," the nurse types that down and proceeds asking questions about me and how I found him and if I didn't have anything to do with it. I actually think he has more family since he asked to call a boarding school in Miami but I can't be sure, so I didn't mention it.
"What is your relation?"
I freeze and then look at the doctor beside me and at the nurse again. If I say I'm from the suicide hotline, will they let me in there? "Best Friend. We've been... Since childhood now. We're very close."
I should've said sister. Wait, I don't know his surname. I should've just said only friend. What kind of best friend doesn't know about his family?
"Ah, that's right. I'm sorry for what you've witnessed, Kiara. I hope that he is okay," I nod at her and smile a little "I'll check on him and luckily bring good news."
She squeezes my shoulder and walks to the double doors, I groan and put my head in my hands "That's not a good idea."
I turn to my left and see Dr. June pointing at my hands and I take them off of my head. Blood? Hey great "I'll just wash it off when I get home. Don't worry," I say brushing them on my jeans and then feeling my phone.
Phone.
Call.
Kane.
911.
Hospital.
Suicide Hotline.
Job.
Money.
House.
Serena.
Dang.
I grab the phone from my pocket and diall Kane's number, running my hands over my hair as I do so - such a bad idea, I can feel the blood in my hair - and he picks it up at the second ring "Hey Kai, where are you? Are you okay, at least? Why were you crying?"
"I'm alright Kane, thanks for worrying. I'm just assisting a friend in the hospital and as soon as the doctor says he's okay, I'll go home," I say and play with my own thumb.
"Okay. But who's this friend?"
I sigh "His name's Dylan," I was praying for him not to ask.
"Oh. He's a boy..." Wait... Wait, Jealous or am I imagining? "Update me in his state."
"Yea okay. But I wanted to ask you to drop home and take care of Serena for the night. I think I'll stay here today," I bit my lip when I hear him sigh.
"Just text my mum and I'll be on my way," I sigh thankfully but he talks again "About this friend Dylan. I've never heard about him."
"Yea, we're not friends from too long ago. In fact, it's just that we met like one week ago and he had some problems and he needs support. I'm here to give that... Support," I say and bit my lip. Why would I lie to Kane? This is a first and I feel so bad.
"Okay... I didn't ask for an explanation."
"I thought you needed one."
"Yea, very thoughtfull of you. Just be safe, with the friend and all."
"Okay Kane. I'll send the text to your mum and tell you when done."
"Don't over think it. Love you, bye," I hang up before he has time to say anything else and sit down on one of the chairs trying to compose a text for Kane's mother.
Hello, Mrs. Stephens. It's Kiara Pauls.
I got caught in a situation in the hospital and I would need Kane to babysitt my sister - Serena.
Would it be possible for him to bail out of the house for one night?
"That's a bit professional," Doctor June says sitting down next to me and I nod pressing send and smiling when she answers affirmatively. I send a text to Kane, with done written on it and then Doctor talks again.
"Why lie?" I look at him and he smiles "You told the nurse his name was Dylan, you were best friends since childhood. You told your friend, Kane, that his name was Dylan, he was your friend and knew each other for a week. Next thing I know, you cut him to fake self harm and didn't cop with the pressure so you brought him in to bail in the middle of the night. Is his name even Dylan?"
He accuses and I chuckle "That's what he told me. Do you really think I could kill someone? I haven't eaten meat because I saw someone beat down a pig. I wouldn't hurt a person."
He nods "The true story."
"I work in the suicide hotline," He raises an eyebrow "And he called, to... Uhm inform me about his address so the body could be picked up and about his funeral too. He told me his parents and brother were dead and I went to his house. Left my bike on the process and almost got an ashtma attack. Still think I killed him?"
"I won't take back the accusation. You lied about it, still, and that's bad; but on the other side," He pauses and I nod "You saved someone's life. That's brave."
"Thanks Doctor June," He smiles and nods.
"Call me Rafael."
"That's a pretty name. I like it."
"Thanks, Kiara, yes?" I nod "Are you going to wait for the boy - Dylan?"
"Yea. I have to ask him or at least take care of him or else driving a car illegaly would be all in vain," His eyebrows shoot up and I chuckle nervously "I am kidding."
He shakes his head "I'll pretend I didn't hear that because I know you aren't kidding."
"Are you Kiara?" I look up to see a very old looking man, which I assume is the doctor and nod standing up "You brought Dylan, I assume?"
"Yes. I did. Is he okay?"
"Classify okay," He looks to my side and his eyebrows raise at the sight of Rafael "Doctor June, people need you in room A-98."
Rafael stands up and nods at me before walking away "He's not dead."
"Thank..."
"Beind undead, doesn't mean being alive, Miss Pauls," He looks at the clipboard in his hands "He has cut himself pretty deep, luckily, he didn't get to any vein but for just some inches. His breathing was steady when you got there, I suppose?"
"You know he cut himself?"
"It's pretty obvious, Miss Pauls, unless you got us to believe that?" I shake my head "Good. He's still unconscious but will wake up, within 6 and 10. Probably, those are only my statistics. He has lost a lot of blood too, so he'll need someone to donate him some. But with the list we have in his this hospital, it will be quite impossible to get him someone with A positive."
My eyes widen "That means he's gonna die?"
"Not quite there, unless you want it to happen-"
"I don't want him to die!"
"Yes, correct. He'll get out of it, if you can get someone who donates the blood, directly to him, as of today. A relative, perhaps," I shake my head.
"I don't know anyone."
"What about you?"
"I'm an O."
"I'm sorry for this. I'll..."
"Do everything in your power for him not to die. I know the bullcrap conversation. I don't buy it. I'll make some calls and see if someone has the A positive. I'll inform you if I know of someone," He nods and then breaths out.
He puts his hand on my shoulder and squeezes it "I see you care about this boy. It wasn't for any less, since you're friends for a long time," I bit my lip "I'll ask you something. When he gets out of this, take care of him. I've seen his past attempts."
Wait, he tried more than once? "From the way they've bruised, I'd say about one year, 8 months and 3 months ago. He has only some horizontal ones meaning his objective is not to cause any pain. It's to suicide. He wants to take his life away and this was the fourth time he tried. He won't hesiate on trying again."
"I... I didn't know," I say after realizing I had no possible answer.
"I'm aware of that. Back to the topic, I know he's not a child and he would hate to be treated like one as well. But please take care of him as you would take care of yourself. He's very talented, I can see and you wouldn't want someone to lose their life because of a little incident. I'm trusting you on this, Kiara. I know you can handle him, if you love him. All you need is love, right?"
"I guess."
"Thank you. I'll inform you if I get any news," I nod at him and he walks away. I stare at the double doors in wonder, what is this boy hiding in there?
I take my phone of off my pocket and dial the number.
"Hello?"
"Hi, Kane," I pause "Are you an A positive?"
It's forbidden the reproduction of this work in any way (pictures, quotes, characters, etc) without the writer's consent. With this being said it covers the content, ilustration and graphics. The violation of this rules will be passed on to court.
Copyright © therealriceandbeans. March, 2015
Hello guys. It is Kaitlyn Peace （≧∇≦）here and I have decided to make a rants book.
This is going to be in the randomness section I guess, but here is how this is going to work:
• I will take requests from my readers.
• I will also do my own rants.
• I  will post 1-3* times a week since there is no real story here.
• Now don't kill me-- just because you request, doesn't mean I will make a rant! *Jesus Christ some peoples kids...* SARCASM.
• It may be a little... umm how do I say this... triggering? *walks away* John, was that the right word on the script? Cool. *walks back* Sorry, so some topics may be offensive and/or triggering to some readers. Read at your own discretion.
• I may view things a little different than people around here in this small community i have, so feel free to comment what you think, just be goddamn nICE! *john calls* WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT NO SWEARING? *runs over to john* YOU'RE JUST A STUPID SCRIPT GUY, SHUTTTTT UUUPP!
Thank you for your undivided attention. I am sorry for wasting about 5 minutes of your life. I wasted more writing this piece of poop. Bye!
( *= subject to change)
Tara's P.O.VNothing else was on my mind, but the thought of actually going to G-Dragon's concert tonight. I had been waiting for months to go, even felt like years, but tonight was finally here and I couldn't think straight. I was lucky enough I had a chance to get tickets before they were sold out.
/ / / / /
I started getting ready about 3 hours ago. I did my hair, makeup, and picked the out my best clothes, I wanted to be noticed from others in the crowd of fans. "The concert doesn't start for another 4 hours.." I mumbled to myself. Ugh. I grabbed my purse, my keys, and made it outside towards my car.
/ / / / /
I decided to drive to a café for coffee before leaving for the concert. I parked my car out front by the café and walked towards the glass door.
"Oh hey Tara!", practically screaming, was the barista.
I had been here so often that the barista had already etched my name into her head.
"Hi!!" , I said overjoyed towards her.
"What would you like to have today, Tara?", she asked in a friendly manner.
"Uh.. well I guess I'll just hava hazelnut coffee yeah"
"Okay, it'll just be 8 minutes, alright."
/ / / / /
I sat down at the table closest to the counter, and waited for my coffee.
I took my phone out to see if there were any updates about G-Dragon, there was a picture posted of the line outside of the stadium where the concert would be, it looked utterly endless. And here I am.. at a café, waiting for my coffee and feeling like I won't make it to the concert I've been waiting to go to for several months.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Author's Note: This is probably as shitty as it gets, okay. I have no idea how this will go honestly. Updates will be a few times a week.
Italy
I wrapped the bandages around my chest and put my blue military suit on for today's training.
Sighing, I ran outside to were Germany and Japan were already doing push-ups.
"Vee~DOITSU!!!! JAPAN!!! Ciao!!!"I yelled in the most male voice I could do.
They stopped what they were doing and turned to face me.
"Guten Tag Italia."
"Konnichiwa."
"Italia 20 push ups. Zhen ve are doing laps."
I frowned. I could easily do this but.... I displayed myself as a lazy man. Soooooo....
"But Doitsu! Im visiting fratello today!" I whinned.
"No buts Italia! And you can visit your bruder later."
I sighed and did 5 lazy push ups before complaining again. After getting in an arguement with Doitsu, he sighed and said,"Just do the laps then. Ve'll catch up vhen ve are done here."
"Yay!!! Gracie Germania!" I ran to him and hugged him. His cheeks tainted red as I pulled away and started my laps.
Doitsu looked so cute...
After I was sure that I was far from their sight, I skipped training and went to fratello's.
Romano
Spain the bastard called me into his room while I was eating tomatoes and watching football.
This had better be goo-
"So, mi tomate, what do you think?" Spain said as he twirled around in a new pair of skinny jeans.
Honestly, they complimented his perfect ass nicely, but like hell I would say that outloud!
I blushed and looked away."Why are you wearimg skinny jeans bastardo?!"
"Oh Roma so you don't like them?" he said pouting.
I blushed more as I said,"No. Those jeans look fine."
"Yay! You know Roma, wanna try and take them off? Their quite tight you know...I might need help~"
I blushed even harder when Spain got closer to my face and kissed my cheek.
He hugged me and I couldn't help but hug back.
Then I felt a squeeze near my rear and I pushed the tomato bastard away.
"What's wrong with you!?" I yelled.
Spain laughed and forcefully hugged me as I tried to escape.
"You know what's wrong Roma~"
He blew on my ear and laughed a little as he tugged my curl.
Blushing, I moaned and stopped struggling in Spain's grip.
Two seconds later, I realised what I did and yelled out.
Spain silenced me by kissing my lips. At first I struggled to get away, but then gave into the kiss.
I tangled my hand in his messy mop of curly brown hair and pushed him closer to me.
He licked the bottom of my lip asking for entrance, but I was feeling brave and refused to open my mouth. He pulled my curl making me moan and he took the opertunity and we started french kissing before I pushed him into the bed.
Pulling away to breath, I laughed a little and looked at Spain's glowing green eyes.
He kissed me again and I started to undo his shirt. When I managed to take his shirt off revealing his perfectly tanned abs, he was undoing mine.
When he was in the last button, the doorbell rang and I groaned.
Spain laughed and whispered in my ear,"We continue tonight~"
I smiled and kissed him once more before heading to the door and putting on my shirt.
"If it's the potato bastard their will be he-"
"Fratello can we talk. Alone?" Italy said.
I looked at Italy and sighed. She better have a good reason to have stopped me and Spain.
Nodding, I let Italy to my room and closed the door behind us.
"So what do you wan-"
"I can't keep the secret anymore. I'm going to tell everyone on the next World meeting." She said dropping her male voice.
I gagged."Feli why?!"
"I can't keep the secret-"I covered her mouth and said,"Speak in italian."(When I write words in bolds it means italian)
She nodded."I can't keep the secret any longer. I know you promised Grandpa Rome, but this is my decision."
"Sorella I didn't just promise Grandpa Rome. It was his Death Wish for gods sake!""But-""No Feli! You can't and you won't!"
Feli's eyes were red and streaks of tears ran down her cheeks.
She nodded and got up."Alright. Buonanotte Fratellone."
"Buonanotte Sorellina."
She left my room and slammed the door behind her as she left the house.
I took a deep breath and laid on the bed holding my head.
Spain looked into my room and stared at me with a smile.
"What do you want Tomato bastar-"
His lips met mine and kissed me passionatly. Once we pulled away to breath he said,"You looked stressed Roma. Were where we?"
I smiled and kissed him again."Here."
I turned over and was on top of him. I took off his shirt and said,"You know Spain, those jeans do look a bit tight."
"Yep. Wanna help take them off~?"
I smiled."Why not?"
Rachel! Talor screamed across the hall.what I said as she got closer. Maddie said that Gillian said that Emma said that Alyssa heard that Maggie was dating kian! Okay,I don't care. Well this is big for them! Good for them!I screamed in her face. What's your problem?! Talor said. Sorry Talor I've been a little cranky since me and Brian broke up. Girl you need to get over him,you need a new man! I know,I know but we have been together so long!
I'll find you a man don't you worry.Talor had that look in her eye I was a was a little afraid.

Hey guys please leave a comment  if the next chapter  updated completely  some people say it didn't  please comment  and say if it did it would really help thanks;)
"Maaaammy" "Maaaammy" "Maaaammy"...the woman jolted awake and noticed the sun was going down. Three days before Halloween. The car rumbled on... more and more bone-bare trees appeared as they entered a deep forest landscape. As her little girl slept in the back of the car, Jane Wilson struggled to keep awake, casting the odd glance towards Andrew, her husband, his glasses flashing as he stared ahead, driving the car.
It had been another terrible year. This was a fresh start, a chance to escape the bad fortune which had haunted them. Three of their babies had died. The still-born twins, two beautiful baby girls... Then last year, little Emily, killed by that car... Jane was tortured every minute by these memories.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, it appeared: the house... the home that was to be their future. Jane's stomach fluttered...why was she so nervous? "This is it, then," announced Andrew. Larger than they'd remembered it, the building appeared, bold and dark. The key was under the pot, just as the letter said it would be. Through the rustles and groans of the forest, a distant owl could be heard.
It didn't take long for the woodstove to warm the house. Everything seemed to light up, and the future was hopeful once again. They began exploring the rooms, one-by-one, the little girl excited to discover new things along every passage. Finally, reaching little Amy's new bedroom, they switched on the light. "Lovely!" screamed Amy, as the joys of the room revealed themselves: a magical play-rug covering the ancient floorboards in the centre, and the four-poster bed in the corner.
Then she noticed the painted wooden box. Amy scrambled towards it, frantically opening the lid. "Wow...look Mummy, look!" Three identical dolls, facing upwards... curly hair, the same prim white dress, the same innocent smile frozen on each face, three pairs of eyes, dark and deep staring up. "WEIRD..." muttered Jane, quickly closing the box.
During the next couple of days Amy became fascinated by the dolls; at every opportunity she had them out, playing dolly games on the rug. "They're as good as friends," observed her dad. "Creepy, if you ask me," replied Jane. But seeing that her little Amy was settled, Jane was content to let Amy play - against her better judgement. There was just something about those dolls.
So it was Halloween and Jane decided to make it a memorable occasion, visiting the nearest store to purchase the usual tacky stuff, and possibly a dressy-up costume for Amy. Andrew had carved out the pumpkin, which lay on the porch windowsill. It was dark as they drove back. Already, crazy-faced lanterns lit up some of the porches and windows of the isolated houses they passed along the way.
Arriving home, the smell of burning pumpkin pervaded the house. Amy scampered about in her little costume, as mum and dad faithfully played their parts on Halloween night. Mum suddenly remembered the scary mask Amy had made at school, that she'd put to one side in the bedroom.
The scream shook the house - Andrew flew upstairs, his wife frozen stiff at the doorway of Amy's room. The gruesome sight that entered his eyes took his breath away: scattered across the room: butchered. One had its head torn off, the dark eyes looking upwards, still smiling innocently; another with an arm ripped apart; the third, its leg at an impossible angle, lying inches from the body. Thick crimson blood oozed from each ghastly wound - the three dolls... a massacre.
Halloween cancelled, Amy was dragged upstairs. Jane was shaking as she prepared the spare room for Amy, and within minutes she was unceremoniously bedded, door firmly shut. Amidst the little girl's whimpering, Jane opened a bottle of red wine. "I'll clean that mess up in the morning, Andy."
"What's up with that kid? I don't understand it. Just what the hell's going on?" replied Andrew.
After what seemed like hours, the whimpering did cease, and only the autumn wind outside could be heard; branches tapping against some part of the house. Exhausted, but warm in bed, Jane was peacefully drifting off, lying against Andrew's shoulder, when unexpectedly, "Maaaammy" "Maaaammy" "Maaaammy" could be heard from across the landing. "Just leave it darling. She's got to learn." He was right, thought Jane, and she drifted back to sleep.
Time must have passed, because Jane had been dreaming. "Maaaammy" "Maaaammy" "Maaaammy." Jane sat bolt upright. "I can't leave her like that, Andrew; I'll check on her" Andrew pulled the duvet tighter, hearing his wife's footsteps fade as she crossed the landing.
"AGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! AGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!! AGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
His wife was once again frozen in the doorway of their daughter's bedroom. Inching forward, the sight that met Andrew's eyes would live with him for the rest of his life. There on the play-rug lay the remains of his daughter, Amy, her body... headless. One arm close by, ripped from the shoulder socket; a torn off leg, lying at an impossible angle. Thick crimson blood oozed from each ghastly wound. Inches away, the head stared upwards, the knowing eyes dark and still.
Andrew ran to the painted box. Lifting the lid, there they were, perfectly repaired, three identical dolls, facing upwards... curly hair, the same prim white dress, the same innocent smile frozen on each face, three pairs of eyes, dark and deep staring up.
Ryan's POV
Bright lights danced all around me. My arms reached towards the stars in the sky along with the hundreds of arms reaching towards those same stars in that same sky from every direction.
Not once in my life had joy so filled every part of me like it did that night.
"One... Twenty One Guns... lay down your arms... give up the fight..."
Sang the voice of my hero, less than ten feet from where I stood.
"One... Twenty One Guns... throw up your arms... into the sky..."
Tears were brought to my eyes at the sight and sound of nothing less than a claim to joy, and a rejoicement of togetherness for the lost and the defeated. I was where I belonged. And with who I belonged with.
Turning to my side, I saw him. Smiling wider than I had ever seen.
"Brendon... I can't believe you did this..."
I yelled over the music.
"What??"
He shouted.
I just shook my head and hugged him as tight as I could for probably the hundredth time that day.
"Thank you."
I said right into his ear.
He just smiled at me.
Soon enough, the last song ended. My face was still lit up and grinning.
"Unfortunately... it's time for us to head out now... but I want one of you awesome kids to go home with something to remember this night by..."
The speed of my heart picked up.
"My favorite scarf... I made when I was eight... and I've kept it through all these years because I'm just that sentimental..."
He pulled out a colorful knit scarf of many bright colors and swung it in the air.
"I want one of you guys to have the joy this stupid thing gave me all those years to be passed on to you. It'll be a reminder that no matter how long it's been... there's always something or someone that'll be right there for you."
With a soft toss, the bundled up scarf went flying off the stage and into the crowd. As if in slow motion, it tumbled through the air and ever so lightly graced his fingertips, but it wasn't to escape the quick clenching of his fist.
Brendon brought the scarf down to his chest with a look of disbelief frozen on his face.
He turned to me, both our jaws dropped to the floor.
Then, after a long moment of shocked silence, he smirked and moved toward me. Wrapping the soft yarn gently around my neck, he spoke just loudly enough for me to hear.
"Happy birthday, Ry."
I was still too stunned to speak.
"You see? I don't even have to tell you how music is always going to be there for you, kid. Because that boy next to you is. I can tell."
Spoke my hero, right to my face.
He approached the edge of the stage and knelt down to my level.
"You're never going to be alone, kid. Remember that."
Tears already streaming down my cheeks, I nodded.
Chapter 1
I shot the basketball, my wrist flicking into a nerly perfect follow through.
swish.
Once again making another basket. I was standing in my driveway at 7:40am waiting for my lazy ass of a friend to come pick me up. It was September 2 and was the first day of senior year. Was I existed about going back to school? Not really. Was I existed about basketball season starting back up? Hell yeah!
I was pulled out of my thoughts as a loud car horn took me back to reality.
I spun around to see Jess (A.K.A my lazy ass friend) pulled up into my driveway. She steeped out of the car and gave me a once over.
"I see you put some real hard effort into looking nice for the first day of senior year." She said, sarcasm dripping from her tone.
I looked down at myself, I was wearing blue skinny jeans with a white blouse and light pink scarf. Along with brown boots that came up about two inches below my knee with a bight of my long socks sticking out the top and a black leather jacket.
This isn't dressing up?
Looking over at Jess I saw she was wearing a pink dress that stopped about 3 inches above her knee and a white long sleeve cardigan under neath her jacket, that was also leather.
"Oh I'm sorry that just because it was the first day of senior year I didn't want to freeze my ass off."
Jess rolled her eyes looking at me one more time before getting into the car,"Pain for beauty, Sabrina, pain for beauty."
I just rolled my eyes and hopped into the car as well.
——————————-
The ride to school was un-eventful, other then the fact that along the way Jess thought in would be a great idea to stop and pee four god dam times, turning our five minute ride into a 10 minute one.
Once we pulled into the school parking lot and grabbed our bags out of the car, Jess and I made our way toward the school. As we walked I coulden't help but feel a little creeped out as everyone just stared at us.
Jess and I have been known for playing basketball since our freshmen year of high school. In ninth grade we were playing at a league tournament and a collage scout that came for a univeristy game and saw Jess and I play. She spread the word about us around the university she worked for and after that more people came to see us play. Along the road some guy in the crowd starting sheering tag team as a reference to Jess and I. Since then we have been know all over our province for playing basketball and being know as the tag team.
After that our social cred at school went up a lot. Hence all the creepy ass stares.
We made our way into the school to see a frantic looking Emma coming our way. Emma is on our team, Jess and I are good friends with her but she is no way near as close to us as Jess and I are.
"SABRINA!JESS!"
Dear lord we just walked in the school what the fuck could be so important that she has to yell across the whole dam school.
"What Emma, what could be so important that it was worth bursting my eardrum over." Jess said clearly annoyed.
"It's about the girls basketball team!It's been cut!"
__________________________________________________
Picture of Sabrina up top.
This is a new story I have been working on for a little while and i just want a some feed back. Is is good so far? How do you like it? I play basketball and I love it so much so decided to do a book on that. I hope you guys like it and I will be updating soon.
I also want to say that the chapters will be longer this was just to get the story going!

~The_Kid_Next_Door








Fallan's p.o.v.
I was just a normal teenager. I was, at least, until I was attacked. It wasn't a street brawl, but a full blown track-and-attack. Just last week, I was walking around the halls with other kids that looked normal. My best friend Gen and I were walking to fifth period science. We were talking about how annoying some of the boys in our class were, When a girl jumped out from behind a corner. She snuck up on us, which is something you just don't do.I noticed something sticking out of her mouth and it was gleaming slightly. Then, I noticed that it was part of her. Gen asked me if I saw it too and I nodded my head. Even though we were both really freaked out, we somehow managed to focus as we learned about the cell cycle five minutes later.
After school, as we walked to my house, we discussed what had happened. "What do you think it was," I asked as calmly as I could.
"I honestly don't know, Fallan. Whatever it was, I just hope we never see it again.Just as my friend spoke, I was aware of another presence near us, even though I couldn't see it. I looked around, but did not see our secret spectator. "Let's go. I have a bad feeling. I want to get home as soon as possible." Gen nodded in response and we raced off.
As we walked into my parents' mansion, I quickly called our other best friend Jae. I waited for him to pick up and as soon as he did I said, "have you seen anything weird lately?"
"Weird as in what? Girls with glowing eyes and fangs?" He laughed hysterically. I remained silent and he said, "wait, are you serious? You really saw a girl with eyes that glowed like the moon and had fangs?" He started to panic at my silent confirmation. However, he calmed himself immediately.
"Umm, yeah. Gen saw her, too. Do you have any idea what is going on?"
"No. I wish I did though."
I told him to just stop standing around on the phone and look it up. He said he would call when he found something. If anyone can figure this out, Jae can. When my phone call was finished, I found Gen sitting on a tall, white barstool eating a brownie.
"So what did Jae have to say?"
"Good news or bad news?" She told me to give her the bad news so she didn't get happy to nothing. "Well, Jae saw her, too and has no idea what to do. On the bright side, he is looking it up as we speak."
"I guess it's better than nothing. But for now, let's start on our project."After we finished the project, a diagram of a cell and the cell cycle, we sat on the baby blue couch in my room. We watched an hour of a Harry Potter marathon. Then, my phone rang. Gen answered so fast I had barely moved a centimeter and said, "hold on I'm gonna put you on speaker."
Jae began talking, "we aren't the only ones hat see them. There only two other people in this area. One is 56 and named Alliah Silver and the other is our age."
"So someone our age can see these people, too. I see that as a good thing, but who is it" I say. I am told that I'm not going to like it._____________________________________________________________________First chapter!!! I'm really excited about this. I hope to update at least once a week of not more. Sometimes I get a little busy with school though, so it may not be every week. It is prewritten so that will make it easier. I will update as much as possible. So tell me what you guys think!

Daisy, be careful.
They may look cute,
They may seem kind,
But they’ll make you go out of your mind.
They will use their charm and sweet,
Give in and you’re dead meat,
Don’t fall for their tricks.
Their gorgeous eyes and amazing smiles
Dorky-cute and great styles.
Run, because once they want you there in no escaping.
Adorable at first but they can break you
You're safe for now.
Be careful, Daisy.
-xx
"Last day of school until summer vaca; what are you going to do?" I asked my best friend Sydney as we walked to the bus.
"Go home with you; duh!"
Sydney has been my best friend ever since the beginning of the school year. She is my age, sixteen, and perfectly healthy, with the exception of her crutches. Apparently, she has some sort of leg disease, but I can't be fooled. I've seen her run many times. And trust me, she is way faster than me. That's saying a lot because I'm the fastest runner in the school. She gets to come home with me this summer because my mom loves her for some odd reason.
"Bye, Zaylor!" random students shouted as we walked to our bus.
"Goodbye, everyone! I shall never forget you!" I yelled back, waving my hand to them.
Sydney and I sat down in the second row of the bus we were taking. Because we were the only two going to New York City, we got a whole bus to ourselves. Our boarding school is two hours away from Mom's house. At least we don't have to fly.
I'm afraid of heights, water, and the dark, but no one knows. I play cool everywhere, but I'm afraid of a lot of random things.
Anyway, back to earth, the bus driver started driving.
"You two are the New York City students, correct?" he asked.
"Yep. And you're our bus driver?" I asked sarcastically.
"Just trying to break the ice," he said.
After that we drove in silence. I would have done some serious talking if Sydney hadn't fallen asleep within two minutes of being on the bus. So that left me to play finger puppets.
"'How you doin', Mr. Pickles?' 'Great, Mr. Juice. How about you?' 'Swell!'"
I finally gave it up and decided to rest.
Just go to sleep, I told myself.
No, I don't want to.Why not?The other half of me won the argument. I slumped back on my seat and soon found myself asleep.
I don't know why I even wanted to sleep. I always get terrible nightmares. The strange thing is that it's like I can control them or something.
We were in a large throne room with thrones at least ten feet tall. In front of it a man that looked a lot like the picture of a Greek god shrink from twelve feet to six foot seven. He had electric blue eyes and dark hair with a big beard. He wore a dark blue, almost Navy, suit and a tie the same color as his eyes. In front of the man stood a beautiful woman with dark hair and brown eyes. On her face she had a spec of faint freckles. She wore denim pants and a brown sweater with a Navy blue scarf that matched the man's suit. Something about her struck me as odd. Then it hit me. This was my mother.
"When do you want me to send her to the camp?" She said.
"Not yet, she hasn't found her powers."
"I can't just keep her moving, running, forever!" Mom sounded angery.
"Another year. She's not ready."
"That's what you said last year!" She screamed. "And the year before! I can't keep living like this, she can't keep living like this! Ugh!" She threw her hands up in exasperation. "I give up!"
"Saraih, you don't have to-"
"You don't get it, do you? Four years ago you were supposed to send her to your camp. Four years ago! I'm done!"
She stormed out of the large room.
"Ahhh!!" The man yelled in frustration. "What have I done?"
"Zaylor! Zaylor! Get up! We're here! Zaylor!" I heard Sydney yell.
"Wow, calm down, I'm up!" I said as I stood up.
"You okay?" she asked me as we walked out of the bus.
"Yeah."
"Another nightmare?"
"Yeah, but it's cool."
Sydney didn't look like it was too cool.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yeah. What was it about?"
"Nothing. Like I said, it's cool."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I'm sure. Let it drop, please."
"Sorry. If you change your mind..."
"Yeah, okay."
We silently walked down the busy New York street towards my mom's house. Many yellow taxis passed us as we walked by as people loudly whistled and shouted, "Taxi!" We finally turned a corner to a dark alley filled with overflowing tin garbage cans and garbage scattered all over the ground.
"Come on," I said. "It's a shortcut to my house."
Sydney looked terrified. "Are you sure it's safe?"
I laughed. "I've walked through here many times. I'm sure it's safe."
The look on Sydney's face made me stop laughing. I suddenly became uneasy.
"Come on," I said trying to hide my fear. "We'll be fine. We'll just walk quickly."
"Okay," she gulped.
We both started walking down the dim alley.
"See, Syd," I said halfway through. "There is nothing-"
Sydney suddenly stopped dead in her tracks.
"Syd?"
"Flesh-eating horse."
"What?"
"Duck!"
Suddenly, out of nowhere, a large horse appeared out of the darkest part of the alley where the most garbage was. The horse was huge and paralyzing. I would have been horse food if Sydney hadn't knocked me over with her crutch.
"What the...?"
"Run!" she screamed.
We ran as fast as we could toward the end of the alley. The horse bit my backpack.
"Ah!"
"Ha!" Sydney sacked the monster with one of her crutches. The beast flew back with it, but we kept running. When we got to the end of the alley, Sydney had one crutch and I had one big hole in my backpack. The beast on the other hand wouldn't leave the darkness of the alley.
"What was that?" I panted.
"A flesh-eating horse," she panted back. "They live in horse poop."
"Ew!"
"Talk about it."
"Will you be okay without your crutch?" I asked.
Sydney stared at me funny. "We just met a mythological creature and you're asking about my crutch?"The reality of it all suddenly hit me in a hard impact.
"Oh my goodness!" I said. "We were just attacked by a monster that doesn't exist!" I looked over at Sydney who had a serious look on her face. "You know what's going on, don't you?"
"We better get you home. I usually let the parents explain."
After that we quickly walked to my house which wasn't far away. I say house, but it is actually a basement apartment. My mom rented it because a)she doesn't like apartments that much and b)she doesn't want to be by herself in a house every day. The house was a medium sized house with the appearance of a cottage. The house was brown and white and the door was a dark brown. It is a beautiful house and I love staying in it for the summer. The yard is a beautiful green with flowers and trees in random places scattered everywhere.
"This it?" Sydney quickly asked.
"Wow, calm down. Yeah. The door is in the back."
Together we made our way to the back door. The back yard was as lively as the front. We walked down the few stairs that led to our white door and I knocked and tried the doorknob. I found it locked, which was strange. I got my key out of my bag and placed it in the keyhole. I couldn't wait to see the small tidy white walled rooms in which we rented. The whole apartment was one big room that made up two bedrooms, a kitchen, and a family room. I pulled out the key and opened the door.
What I saw inside made me jump. The rooms where covered in filth and garbage. On the walls were claw scratches that ran from one room to another. I ran over to my section of the room. Something was scratched on the wall that sent a cold shiver through my body. It read, "I'm waiting, demigod." Sydney read it over my shoulder. A look of absolute seriousness and fear appeared on her face.
"Sydney?"
"Pack a bag," she said. "We're going to Camp Half-Blood."
Before we begin, I know there are some people that don't read the description so I'd just like to let you know that this a sequel to my previous story "Reject".
If you haven't read it yet, I suggest that you read it before you read this.
Here's the link. http://w.tt/1rjmVSL
Introduction
Hey guys this is my first fan fiction and im new to this, so if its horrible i am truely sorry XD and i'll try updating as much as i can. So this story is about a girl named Brianna who has been bullied by a bunch of guys in her school because she makes youtube videos, along the way her bestfriend tells her about a group of guys named O2L, after what happens her whole life changes.
Characters
Rickys GF: Maddie played by Brooklyn. She has long, loosely blonde hair, crystal blue eyes, tall 5'6" skinny. Also one of my bestfriends
Sams GF: Brianna played by Brianna (me). Long brown hair with ombre tips, brown eyes, short 5'2" not to skinny tan. Plays volleyball
Kians GF: Tanya played by Tanya. 5'6" loves fashion and make-up but dresses like a tom boy, loves sports, trustable, brunnette, and funny
Jcs GF: Maddie Pena played by Olga. Bad girl with long red hair
Trevors GF: Patience played by patience. Blonde hair and blue eyes
Connors BFF: Izzy played by Izzy. 5'3" and 100 lbs kinda girly, athletic, and loves food
BFF 1: Maddie played by Brooklyn
BFF 2: Leo played by Leo. 5'7", short black hair always wears a beanie, videogame geek, listens to punk, classical, pop, and rock music
ALL O2L BOYS ARE PLAYED AS THEMSELFS
Day: one
Task: find a cure for Flyer
Info: none
Time remaining: Who knows
Tia, 16, haden't slept in days, hasn't had a cup of coffee for months, after Flyer was made into a weapon, drinks that were not bottled, were prohibited. She sat at her computer, researching the virus, but could only find the name of the damn thing, and the approximate time it was released. Joesph,18, had lost his mother to Flyer just a week ago, and it killed him to know he was immune, that it would never harm him, and he would have to watch his father, and two little sisters die from it if they didn't find a cure soon, and no one knows if they are even infected, and how much longer they have.
"Jo-Jo, do you think we'll ever find a cure?" Tia's voice begging for sleep, or a frappachino.
"i hope so. i lost my mom to this crap, i don't want to lose the rest of my family." Joesph sounded as if he were about to or has been crying.
They looked like they could be twins, bright blonde hair, dark green eyes, same smile, same bouncy tight curls, so many similarities, yet so different. Tia was born in the south, was the "prefect" country girl, from the accent, to the outfits, to the hobbies. Joesph was raised farther north, in NewYork City, one of the most "true" New Yorkers you'd ever meet, from the accent, to the love for thin crust pizza, to the love of the Yankees. No one ever was rude to him, as long as he wasn't talking about baseball to a Mets fan. Tia however, had it rough. her dad died when she was 4, and her mom married a guy who hit her. But Tia never fought back, because if she yelled or hit back, her stepfather would hit her younger brother, Justin, who was the second youngest in the group, at 14. Kasslynn was the oldest in the group at 19, and she was always the quiet one, until she was made leader, then she told everyone what to do. no one understood her, you could never tell if she was joking or serious, happy or angry. Andrew, 15, was good with computers. he helped a great deal. He works night to day hacking into government software finding information on Flyer. You could say he did half the work, to finding the cure. The more info they had on the virus, the closer they got to a cure. Jordie, 10, was the science fanatic. Even at her young age, Jordie had won 7 science fairs, and had made and sold 4 inventions. She was the one who mixed chemicals and did the calculations for the cure. She was the only one you could trust with any of the lab equipment.
"Guys! I found something!!!!!!!" if Andrew's face turns red when he yells, you know its important, "The Flyer is transmitted through water, and physical contact!"
At that news, Jordie dropped the apple she was eating and ran to her lab, this news was big help, because she knew what chemicals and medicines could slow down the process of which the virus takes affect. In 15 minutes, she came back with a small vial of blue-green-gray liquid, and a syringe. The group of teens even had some Flyer sealed away, and used it for testing. Several people, about 20, had volenterred to help with reaserch for a cure, as gunuie pigs, and most of them new they could end up dead by doing this. Jordie and Kasslynn went to the holding lab, where they kept their test subjects.
They tested some theories they had. Kasslynn injected one of the subjects with the serum and then brushed a powder form of the virus on him.
"If this doesnt work you'll be dead at the end if the week, so, sorry, but atleast you could be with your family..." Jordie looked at the man with a sad expression.
As the two girls walked away, Jordie checked her watch and yawned. It was almost 11:50 pm, and everyone was tired.
"Kasslynn, can we sleep now? I haven't slept in days and poor Jordie is only 10, a growing child, she needs sleep, we all do....." Tia rubbed her eyes, and played with the coffee cup charm on her bracelet, "we camt drink coffee anymore so sleep is the best form of energy...."
"Ugh, fine, but if half the world dies tonight because we werent looking for a cure, it's y'all bitches fault......." Kasslynn grunted and went to her room.
Soon everyone was in bed and asleep, and when they wake up, it will be another long hard day of finding almost nothing.
Why hello all of the lovely people who are currently reading this right now! It's Victoria! To be honest, I'm not writing and posting this for a while. When the time comes, the time will come and you will see the adventures of Emma and of new characters that come along in the story. Anyways I actually just write this one for fun when I want to. Not sure when I want to post this. Maybe when I can't think of anything for Memories Lost or when it ends. But I'm excited to work on this! So I hope you like it and feedback is always welcome! Bye! -Victoria
We started it together
Said we'd end it together
You promised
Does your word mean anything?
Is it fake?
Like you?
Do you remember what you told me you wanted?
You wanted someone to be there for you.
You wanted a friend
Just one
We both did
We gave that to each other
But you gave up
You let go
Forgot me
Only when you miss your past
I'm your childhood games
You back to for comfort
Then your ready for the world again
You play me like your controller
Why?
Does "Gaia" mean anything?
Do I mean anything anymore?
new story yas!¡ vote and comment
[ deception; the act of deceiving; the state of being deceived.]
-
she gripped the sheets in her small fist as sweat gathered on her forehead. he slammed into her relentlessly as their combined moans filled the empty room. the night was completely silent, his raspy grunts and her soft gasps, almost hidden. their hips rolled in sync as he stares down at her, eyes dark with lust.
First of all, I don't own Tokyo ghoul characters(of course)
Second, I am not native speaker of english so sorry for my mistakes
I hope you will enjoy reading this story, and i hope i will be able to update this story everyday(if i don't my mom took my phone and computer)
And i don't own photos xd
Thunder skies is a friend of my. She loves to fly high. Her sister Rumble is a wonder bolt. He's amazing. Try to beat Thunder skies in a race. She's  impossible to beat. Presenting Thunder skies.
(Erens POV)
I woke up from my annoying alarm clock. Today was the first day of my Senior school year and I'll tell you my life has been a total donkey shit on a porn star.
I've been bisexual for five years and thankfully I've been able to keep it a secret from my horrible bully Jean Kristen A.K.A horse face. Hes bullied me since the sixth grade and ever since all hes ever done is beat me up, call me names, and humiliate me. I cut and smoke to relief the pain and suffering from the mis-treatment and pain in my life. I have a journal so I can write out all my life wishes, dreams, the pain I go through, the in imaginable thoughts only a mad man would have of killing others and....him self to put all the pain away and end his life.
My mother died when I was ten from a car crash and my father had abandoned me and my sister Mikasa. He still sends money so we can pay for rent and buy food. Yet my life is still horrid.
I brushed my teeth, put on my long green shirt that covered up my cuts with my jean jacket and my dark blue jeans. I went down stairs to make some breakfast before I left.
I opened my fridge and looked around for a bit until I thought. 'Should I eat anything? I mean Jean will probably punch me so hard in the stomach I'll throw up my food in front of everyone........nahh besides I could starve myself another week or so I guess' I closed the fridge and grabbed my book bag, keys and phone then went out the door.
I walked to school while checking my notifications on my favorite app: Wattpad. I wrote love stories about my favorite anime T.V shows. I had around 700 followers and my username was ChainedHeart
When I saw I had around 40 new votes I turned off my phone and shoved it back into my pocket as I reached my school: Rose Academy.
I walked in, grabbed my schedule and went to my looker. I opened it, placed some of my books in and looked it. I walked around and saw that I had music for first period which is my favorite subject since I'm amazing with the flute. I don't know why but music has always made me happy and makes me forget about the world. I walked in to the class and saw a few familiar faces from last year.
Connie Springer a short yet cool type of guy. Sasha Blouse a food eating machine that destroys what ever you give her to eat. Annie Leaonheart a short yet cold blooded girl with a blank attitude and not such a happy personality. My best friend Armin Arlert who's always been there for me and has always thought me about exploring the world together. And then the one and only Jean Kristen the boy who bullies me, beats me up, a humilates me.
I sighed as I walked in and sat down next to my friend Armin on a empty chair. He looked over to me and smiled brightly with his big blue eyes.
"Eren how was your summer I missed you!"he said said hugging me a so hugged back.
"Armin you live next door and you've been to my house yesterday"I said pulling away.
"I know its just when ever I'm not with a person in a long time I get a little anxious."he said blushing a bit. I chuckled then turned my attention to the teacher in the front addressing the class.
"Attention students I will be your new music teacher for this year, my name is ,Miss. Ral but you can call me Petra if you'd like."She said. She had nice brown honey colored hair with honey eyes and a sweet smile.
"For today's first lesson I want to hear all of you perform a piece of music using your instruments you used last year."she said.
I already knew what song I was going to do: Rues Lullaby. Its my favorite because it so sweet and beautiful. It makes me truly feel safe in my mind and reality.
A few kids had played and I wasn't even paying attention to anything at all. After a few more minutes of not listening or caring I was the last one left to play.
"Eren why don't you come up and play a piece"she said gesturing to the cases of instruments.
I got up from my seat and walked over to all the black cases. I looked through them and found the flute I always played. I opened it carefully and felt the cold metal. I walked to the front of the room and sat down on a chair we sit on to play are instruments.
"What piece will you be playing for us Eren?"she asked.
"I looked to the front of the room a bit nervously and said.
"I will be playing Rues Lullaby."I said.
"Oh that songs beautiful!"she said and gestured me to play.
I brought the instrument up to my lips and took a deep breath and closed my eyes.....I then started to play smoothly caching every note by heart.
(Play The Music!)
Once I finished I opened my eyes and saw that Hanji was crying and so was Armin.
"That was a beautiful piece Eren......very....very beautiful" she said wiping some tears out of her eyes.
"Thank you......but I'm not really pro"I said and herd a loud laugh cone from Jean.
"No duh! That music sounded like a drepresing love story! Oh like yours!"He said earning a few laughs from the other students. I looked down from embarrassment.
"Jean you have two days detention. Not such a good start on the year don't you think?"Miss.Ral said with a smirk.
I walked back to the case and placed the flute in. I went back to my seat and sat down next to Armin who was whiping tears out of his eyes.
Once class was over I headed down the hall and to my looker. I had Math which I hate but am good at. I opened my locker and got my stuff then closed it. Onced I turned around Jean was standing behind me.
"Well if it isn't little Jeager. That music you played was 'soooo beautiful' I almosted cried like your gay little friend"he said sarcasticly with a grin. I sighed and looked down.
"So let me guess you want me to be your punching doll or you want money?"I said.
"Maybe I want some of of both"he said and pined my against the lockers by the collar. This was always so I wouldn't try to resist or fight back because if I did Jean would punch me so hard I'd throw up blood.
"Now. Give me your money"he said.
"I don't have any"I said and he threw me against the lockers again. I winced in pain and he punched me in the nose making me bleed a bit.
"Its been a while since I got to do this and I tell you I really missed doing this"he said and punched my stomache. I was able to hold back the stomach acid that was trying to escape but he punched my check hard leaving a bruise and knocking the acid out my troat and onto the floor
"Behind the school I will finish you but if your not there"he said and pushed me against the lockers and held me by my shoulders . I think got the message when he did that. He leaed in close by my ear and whispered darkly.
"I will hunt you down and burn your house with you in it then feed your remains to the dogs "he said and I gulped loadly.
"Got it ass whole"he said.
"Yes"I said. He let go of my collar and gave me another punch to the stomach before he left me there.
I sighed and patted my clothes down then went to the bathroom. I washed my face and dried my nose. I had some emergency cover up make up I took from Mikasa just in case Jean would beat me up but I only use it to cover up bruses. I took it out and patted down my cheek with it covering up the spot of a bruse Jean left on me. I sighed once I finished and placed it back into my bag. I looked in the mirror and saw my reflection.
'A boy.........with no one who loves him and a family who ignores him.......a life with no one to help him.......to save him......to be his prince charming to his sleeping beauty.......that's who that boy was in the mirror........ Eren Jeager.....me.'
I walked out the bathroom and down the hall to my next class. On my way I was interrupted by Armin running towards me with his usual happy smile across his face. I smiled as he hugged me again.
"Armin we're in the halls people will talk"I said teasingly.
"I know, I know......its just I miss you a lot"he said and let go of me.
"Its fine........besides I missed you too"I said and smiled. He blushed which is always when someone says something about him.
I know it might seem strange with me and Armin but we're really just the greatest bestfriends to each other. He always makes me smile and..........that's why he's my guardian angel.
It was just another miserable day in the orphanage here let me Introduce myself. My name is Kevin, I'm fourteen and I live in this orphanage. I have since I can remember and my hair is brown with a fringe going  to the right, my eyes are brown and I have my ears stretched. I was just scrolling through tumblr when Ms.Sugg walk into my room and said that a couple was coming in an hour. I get up and change into black skinny jeans and blackout vans and my "why are you still here?" T-shirt. I walk down staires with my head down as I stand in line with the other 12 to 15 year olds. I get tapped on the shoulder and look up to Dan and Phil or danisnotonfire and amazingphil. "Can we interview you?" Dan ask with a smile "sure" I say in a small voice trying not to scream from joy and fangirl everywhere, as we walk to the interview room I sit down as Dan and Phil sat down in front on me " okay so favorite color, name,age,and hobbies" Phil says "well, my name is Kevin I'm fourteen I like the color black and blue and I live on social media" I say looking at them with a slight smile. The interview goes on for about half a hour, "okay we will think" Dan says as he winks. 'I knew they didn't want me why would anyone want me' I think to myself, I sit down on a chair in the lobby and hold my head in my hands, I think about life and everything when someone pokes my head, I look up annoyed thinking that its just some random kid but instead I see Dan with a smile on his face "hey Kevin go pack you're things we're adopteding you" I nod and run to my  room and scream in my pillow from being so happy then start packing my things. I get all of my things in my suitcase right as Phil walks through the door "are you ready?" he ask as I nod "okay" he say as we start to walk down the stairs to the door and we walk to the car where Dan is already sat in the driver seat, we get in me in the back and Phil in the passenger seat "so Kevin what do you like to do beside social media?" Phil ask looking at me in the rear view mirror "um...I like to take photos and videos" I say looking at my shoes "that's cool so do you know what me and Dan do?" He says biting his lip, let's see how this goes "um..yeah" I say as I feel my cheeks turned red and heat up "awww Don't be embarrassed its nothing to worry about I'm glad you watch our videos" Dan says while smile at me through the rearview mirror, I smile back and look back down. The car ride to their place is complete silence bit a nice comfortable silence. I just stare out of the car window and watch the world go by all in a big blur with it blending together like melting crayons in a bowl.
TW: Self harmA/N My cover is of Evelyn when she's about 19, just in case there was any confusion, the story begins with her at age 11.I look around my small room and sigh. Why do mornings come so fast? I sit up and hear the sound of my parents yelling in the background. My stomach twists as I realize today is a weekday. My long, curly, copper colored hair is like a frizzy cotton ball on my head. I get out of bed and walk a few steps to my closet. I open it and try to find the right outfit. I want to look like the girls at school, but I know I'll never fit in. I grab a long sleeved shirt with an infinity sign on it and a pair of dark jeans. I look at it carefully and sigh, near tears. This will have to do. I go to the bathroom with my phone. I need music to get woken up and into an okay mood. I pick one of my favorite songs and hit play. MI go back to my room for my brush and makeup. I quickly change and brush my teeth. Now, I have to wrangle my hair. I look at it and my brush. This should be interesting. I start at the ends, carefully brushing and smoothing the dead ends. As I move to the top of my head, I realize I'm ugly. I throw my hair brush across my the bathroom. My hair isn't frizzy anymore, but it's such a noticeable color and everyone will see me. Why can't I be invisible?!I do my makeup, carefully. If I don't wear makeup, I'm even more afraid at school and everything goes worse than it usually does. I feel a familiar feeling in the pit of my stomach and I drop to my knees in front of the toilet. I throw up, emptying my already empty stomach. I slump, exhausted, against the wall as I cry silently. That happens everyday before school and nothing I do makes it go away. I brush my teeth again and finish doing my makeup. I put on my glasses and look into the mirror. I feel a monster deep within take over and I fumble through the cabinet under my sink. I find my blade and I look at my scars. Do I really need more scars to hide? The monster inside decides yes, yes I do need more scars and cuts. I dig it deep into my wrist and pull it across. I stifle a cry and watch the blood form in beads on my wrist. I do that ten more times and wipe away the mess of blood. I wrap my wrist in gauze and tape. I pull my sleeve down and leave the bathroom after hiding everything. "I'm so ugly!" my brain screams at me. I hold my head and rock slightly. I can't do this anymore!!! I start crying, feeling like there's nothing left to do. I throw my messenger bag across my shoulder and I grab my binder. I stuff it into the bag and wait for my mom to emerge from her room. When she does, she's angry and upset with her boyfriend. I sigh and go to the car. I bite my lip and hope she doesn't see the bandages on my wrist. We live two seconds from my school, so I know that I don't have long to mentally prepare myself for the nightmare I'm about to enter. "Have a good day." my mom says as she pulls into the drop off line. She has no idea how bad the day will be for me. As I get out the principal smiles at me and says "good morning, Evelyn." I blush and try to respond, but I can't. I walk inside, worrying about how I look. "I love your hair." one of the curriculum coaches says. I force myself to smile as I feel the beginning of a panic attack. Everyone is staring at me as I walk, staring at the floor. My breath catches in my throat and I feel tears sting my eyes. I can't do this anymore!! I hate myself and I can't stop the cycle of anxiety that has held me captive for the past year or so. I duck into the bathroom and lock myself in a stall as I sob silently. My chest hurts as my heart pounds in my throat. I wring my hands as I try to forget the feeling of fear clutching me. I grip my hair and try not to collapse against the wall. I slide down the wall and sit, trying to catch my breath. I touch my mood necklace and see it turn orange, meaning anxiety. I gag and try not to be sick again. I lay my head on my knees as I try to ward off the dizziness and sick feeling that comes with a panic attack. It takes ten minutes to feel calm enough to leave the bathroom. I wash my hands and splash cool water on my face. My face is red and my eyes are still watery. I take a shaky breath and leave the bathroom. "Good morning, Evelyn." my music teacher says, smiling. I force myself to smile, hoping I've hidden the fact I just had a panic attack well. I walk to class and I take my seat in the back of the room. I begin to sing my favorite song in my head. It helps keep me grounded. "Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand." a voice sings in my head. I try to relax, but my teacher is approaching me. "Evelyn, have you done the science homework?" she asks. I silently curse myself. I was so busy trying to block out the screaming of my parents I didn't do my science homework. "Answer me." she urges. I shake my head. "Why not?" she asks. The open ended question sends prickles of anxiety through me. I shrug. She walks away and I put my head on the table. I'm a failure. Nothing I do is ever done right!The class fills quickly and I'm overwhelmed by the large class size. I keep my head down to hide the tears in my eyes. I try to breathe slowly, but I feel like I'm caught in a rip current and there's no shore to swim parallel to. I gulp and clench my fists. The teacher comes up to me and she puts her hand on my back. "Are you alright?" she asks. I sit up and nod. Her hand on my back increases my anxiety, but I don't comment on it. "Go get a drink of water." she says softly, guiding me towards the door. I go to the water fountain nearby and I take a small sip of water. I take a slow breath and try to stop trembling. I drink more water and wait to calm down. Slowly, I do. I go back to class and see everyone working on the morning work. I hate elementary school so much, but I'm terrified to go to the middle school next year.  I start working, easily getting the answers right.  When we go over the work, I put my head down, hoping I'm not called on.  My luck couldn't be that good.  "Evelyn, what is number two?" the teacher, Ms. Ness, asks.  I look up, my face turning red.  I shake my head.  "Did you do the work?" she asks.  I nod.  "Tell us what number two is!" she says, her frustration growing.  I shake my head and start crying.  She moves on and I sit, panicking, in class.  "Evelyn, outside, now!"  Ms. Ness says.  I walk outside and she closes the door behind her.  "Evelyn, why haven't you answered any of my questions?  You've spoken about two sentences this year and its March.  Do you have a problem?" she asks.  I shake my head.  "Then, you need to participate." she says, allowing me to go back to class.  I sit down and stare at the floor.  I stay silent the whole day.  I walk home and go into my room.  I throw myself onto my bed and I start sobbing.  "Why can't I die?" I scream into my pillow as I sob.  I'm sick of this fear and I'm sick of trying.  I go into the bathroom and I cut again.  This time, I don't bandage the cuts, I just escape to my room for the rest of the day.  I'm sick of the panic attacks and I'm sick of being terrified, but what choice do I have?  I can't talk to anyone and there's no way anything will ever change, even if I did get help for this.
I know you kill for me
You'll die for me
I know you like to rip and run the streets
But I get nervous sometimes
Ooh baby, I can't help to think
You might not make it home to eat
I barely sleep
Aaliyah,
It was just the two of us in the studio, Timb and Missy had gone home and so had the rest of his crew. He and I both wanted to leave but we needed to finish the rest of our song because we were already behind schedule with the album.
The lights were dimmed very low just how I like it, as I stood behind the mic laying down a verse for the lead single on the album.
I know you kill for me
You'll die for me
I know you like to rip and run the streets
But I get nervous sometimes
Ooh baby, I can't help to think
I was half way into singing my part when I felt him behind me, He moved my hair from behind my back to the side and began trailing kisses up and down my neck and upper back that was visible due to that fact I had decided to wear a halter today. He held my waist as I turned my head to meet his.
He moved his head down and we began kissing he poked my tongue begging for entrance, I bit my lip and finally granted his wish. I know we shouldn't be doing stuff like this, it's supposed to be strictly business.
We continued kissing whilst he lifted my legs up and I wrapped them around his waste, he held me from my ass and swooped me over to the wall knocking over the music sign not breaking our kiss he shoved his hand up my blouse. His hand roamed freely around my chest as he reached behind my bra trying to unhook it. I pulled away from the kiss and unhooked it myself and threw it at the music stand.
He picked me up and gently put me on the stool behind the mic, I sat whilst he stood in between my legs pulling my blouse of me. Now I was topless whilst he was fully clothed, taking over I stood up and pulled his shirt over his head, My hands went lower and lower until I suddenly found myself unbuckling his pants. He stepped outta his pants and walked me into a wall, he towered over me as he picked me up again and started rubbing me through my pants, we started kissing but I moaned throughout the kiss causing him to smirk he pulled down my jeans and stuck his hand into my panties.
He stroked my pearl with his thumb softly before adding in a finger inside of me. "Mhmm" I moaned as he penetrated me with his fingers. My juices flowed soaking up my panties until he kindly removed them off me. I was soaking wet and he had barely done anything. I closed up my legs until he opened them back up.
"I ain' done yet babygirl." He smirked at me. My mouth went from an O to a scream when he plunged inside of me. He hadn't even moved but I could feel him in my stomach already.
"It's too big take some out.." I begged he smirked at me again but went in deeper, I was in pain but it was pleasurable pain.
He suddenly started thrusting slowly until he built up a quick pace, I moaned loudly although anyone could be at the studio I couldn't care less. He brought me out of the recording Booth into the sound area and plopped me onto the couch he lifted one of my legs over his shoulder and thrusted harder until I felt a tingly sensation inside of me.
"Mhm, Right there Baby!" I yelled in frustration as I was close to my climax. He turned me over leaned me against the soundboard he thrusted inside of me even harder this time showing no sign of stopping, I was just about to explode when I started squeezing his dick.
"Hold it Aaliyah" He yelled as he pounded into me from behind, he brought me back to the couch and laid down then he pulled me on him and let me ride him. I suddenly got dominant and held his arms down whilst I rode him and grinded slowly. I could feel my juices leaking out of me when he suddenly grabbed me and hoisted me up and started pounding into me. I could tell he was close because he started swelling inside of me.
"What's my name Aaliyah?" He yelled as he pounded into me. I tried to talk but nothing would come out.
"T-tupac" I moaned but it turned into a scream.
"Say it again" He yelled pulling my hair. I screamed and squirted all over his dick and him, he started murdering my cervix pounding in and out until he gave me on final thrust and came inside of me.
"Tupac" I said barely above a whisper.
°°°°°°°
Hey what did yall think? Weird Prologue right lol. Chapter one will be posted soon just editing it and adding finishing touches.
Comment!! Vote!  Love Yall
- Kiana
I Want Someone To Come Over, Bruhh. I'm Home Alone. I Wanna Watch A Scary Movie Buh I Seen All The Ones I Have. >/\< Me No Wanna Watch Dem Again. *-*)/ Cuddles? My Weenie Dog Keep Tryna Bite My Tit Or Whateva. >.> So I'm Not Cuddling With Him No More. Buh Forealz. Cuddles? :c I So LONELY! I'm Watching Ghost Hunters. *-* My Shit. My Wifi No On. >.< So I'm Using My Grandmami Computer. c: Anyways, My Pm Dry Asf. ( Like My Throat Was Last Night. >.> ) HIT ME UP IN PM. Hmm. I'm Waiting. Cuddles?
I can still remember what it was like in the beginning. Everything was new and exciting. I had never felt that way before. I remember the first night I stayed at his house. I woke up to the smell of coffee and the breakfast he decided to make me. Everything was perfect. Who could've ever guessed that it would turn into the shitstorm it is now.
This is just going to be a collection of poems and ramblings of mine. Chapters will most likely not be connected to each other. This is mostly just a place for me to be able to keep all of my thoughts in one place. If people want to comment or whatever, they can. I'm in no way asking for people to do that though.
-Dani
I'm stare at you from a distance,I wish I can get your attention,You may think I'm too young to feel these things but you're never too young to fall for someone,
Ever since I saw you I couldn't get you out of my head,At first I thought the small crush will blow over like the rest,
Put that small crush soon turned into love,You somehow ended up in my dreams,A place for anything could happen,
I pray to God that you will someday be mine no matter how long it takes,Even if it happens in the worst situations,
I'll never give up on us!
By: Hannah H.
(by the way this is kind of a sequel to Ninja Valentines)
Jay's POV
Valentines day was a week ago and Kai and Lloyd have really hit it off.  Over the past week they have; kissed twice, held hands A LOT,  Lloyds snuggled up to him watching a movie (eww!), and have NOT gone on there first date.  They are WAY too shy around each other to act like a real couple. Scratch that Lloyd is to shy.  Kai can't even walk near the kid without him blushing like crazy. Were in the living room now, all of us, including Coles new girlfriend Skyler.  I told her that that was how they spell it if its a boy.  And thats the story of how I got this black eye!
Anyway Im sitting here with one arm around Nya, Coles arm wrestling with Skyler on the coffee table, Zane and Pixal are watching them and poor Kai is trying to get Lloyd to sit closer to him.  Hes as red as a tomato!
"Lloyd you ok?" Kai asks him.
"Wha! oh umm yeah! Of course, why wouldn't I be?" He replied a little too quickly.
"Ok then." Kai then gave up on Lloyd and went to the kitchen.
I looked over at Cole and Skyler to see they stopped arm wrestling, Cole then got up and followed Kai into the kitchen.
Cole's POV

"Hey Kai? What's up with you and Lloyd? He ok?"
He sighed before answering. "I dont know, he blushing even if I just walk by him.  I can't hold his hand in public and he doesn't even come near me on his own."
"Maybe you should talk to him. Sounds like he's avoiding you for some reason."
"Yeah I guess, I can try if he lets me even get a foot near him without having a nosebleed"
I burst out laughing at that. Soon Kai was laughing too.
Nya's POV
Kai went to the kitchen and Cole followed him.  I hope he talks to him about Lloyd.  Speaking of Lloyd hes just sitting on the couch trying to sink out of sight.
"Lloyd.  What's up with you lately?"
"Wha!? nothings wrong why!?"
"Err are you sure?"
"Positive!" he basically screamed that out.
Kai and Cole then came out of the kitchen.  Cole then came up to me and whispered in my ear so Jay could also hear.
"Sounds good to me!"
I'm fifteen years old.
I am in eighth grade (I was held back because of my dyslexia v.v)
I have short brown hair (I'm the girl in the pfp and cover)
And uhhh yeah. Pm me.
Hey my name is pineapple im 20 years old im black Italian and Hawaiian i live by my self now im single no kids my dad is filthy stinkin rich his name is Richard Ethan Smith and my mom well shes normal her name is kezia Maria Dove Donaldson Smith she from Hawaii and moved to Jamaica when she was thirteen shes so used to the tropical areas she didn't no how to act when she moved to New York and it snowed that's were she meet my dad he's. From New Orleans .hes a music producer a business man, manager for Chris Brown ,Tyga,Nikki and Rihanna.so he making money.I have a sister name London shes spoiled rotten shes twenty three has a little girl name Shania and she is my world shes so sweet and cute she just turned one two days ago and her birthday party is tomorrow which is Saturday ima have to leave early cause i had already made plans but yeah that's a little about me
,,I když pro svět budeš nikdo,
Jednou přijde ten, pro kteréko budeš svět..."
Baruu2000
Today is a day where I'm all aloneTomorrow you care, no reason to moanI don't know what the future holdsWhat I do know is that I'm on my ownMy heart and soul already sold...To someone that will never careThe memories we will never shareMy life over; spent aloneWhat's the point in lasting another day?
-Always Me- x
Just MeOnly Me Like and Comment x
"Harry, please, just listen to me." I ran after him, rain falling and crashing onto the ground like glass breaking into a million pieces. Thunder crackled against the gray sky, the moon illuminating the dark path as I tried to catch up with the angered man in front of me. "Harry, I'm sorry!" I pleaded, my feet sloshing against the cement, my legs growing tired.
I was soaked from head to toe, my clothing not being enough protection from the storm erupting beyond me. My teeth chattering from the cold as I ran faster, waiting for Harry to stop, but he never did. "Harry!" I cried out, reaching my arm to touch him, beg for forgiveness. My stomach aching with guilt as I grabbed onto his sweater.
Pulling him back and facing me, his green eyes dark and hidden. His eyebrows scrunched in frustration, his brown curls in a tangled mess. He didn't meet my gaze, yanking his arm from my grasp.
"Harry, I know what I did was wrong but-" Harry laughed, the noise holding no humor as he shook his head. "Save your pathetic excuses, Blaire and leave me alone." Harry hissed, his voice so empty, so venomous. I shivered due to his tone, my arms wrapping around me, trying to create warmth as I wiped the water from my face.
Blinking away the tears as I stared at him. "Harry, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that, I know, but please. I need you." I chocked out, my voice hoarse as Harry ran his fingers through his hair. Eyes glancing at me for a split second before losing contact. "Just leave." Harry murmured, turning away from me and stepping forwards.
My heart wrenched in my chest, my body wanting to collapse onto the sidewalk, my breath caught in my throat as my whole world felt like it was crashing down. My legs shaking as I followed him, I couldn't lose him, I wouldn't. "Harry, just listen to me! I have a reason as to why-" Harry whipped around, enraged.
Eyes filled with fire, green flames staring at me intensely. "Save it Blaire! You fucked up! Not one reason will ever cover up the pain you caused! The burden you put on my shoulders! You failed me!" Harry bellowed, moving closer, his proximity so near that his breath hit my cheek, my body trembling with fear.
His chest heaved up and down in annoyance, Harry's fuse burning like a wildfire. My eyes pooled with tears as he looked at me with such disgust. "You ruined everything, Blaire." Harry spat, rain splashing onto the ground, my chest aching as I took a step back.
He was done, Harry was done with me. I screwed everything up, every last chance. He hated me, all because of one stupid mistake. Tears fell from my eyes as I let out a sob, my body growing weak as Harry walked away. Not giving me a second glance.
Yet, I was determined to keep him, to make him hear me out and listen to my reason. He doesn't understand. "Harry!" I called, forcing my legs to run, so I can talk to him clearly. My limbs heavy as I moved, my body like lead as I held onto his arm. Crying as I tried to explain my mistake, but he didn't listen to one word.
"Get away from me!" Harry hollered, shoving my figure away from him. Lightning flashing across the sky, his anger like a furious war. The wrath of him opening skies and causing trouble. The Harry I tried to save, now escaping. His darkness exploding, misunderstood behavior.
The once fixed Harry. now shattered. His body shaking in madness, his eyes looking up to the skies as he clenched and unclenched his fists. The storm worsened, wind swam from all directions, making the trees sway dangerously and rattle windows.
Lightning hit close to our bodies, making me jump as I moved away from the monster. Green eyes blazing with insanity as Harry fell to the ground. Knees hitting the sidewalk, hands in his hair as he whimpered in pain.
He was wasting his energy, all the anger I caused making him weak. His powers slowly disintegrating as thunder roared in my ears, my hair whipping in my face as I tried to see through the pouring rain. "Don't come any closer, Blaire!" Harry shouted, palms now covering his face, "I can't control what I'll do to you!"
I didn't listen, I never do and that's what got me in this mess in the first place. "Harry, I have an explanation!" I said, crouching next to him as his head snapped in my direction, eyes narrowed as he rapidly stood up.
The raging storm thrashing throughout the sky, branches from trees snapping, windows from houses jostling in agony, lightning bolting across the clouds, thunder crackling obnoxiously as I tried to shout over it.
"I don't want to hear it! Don't you understand?" Harry interrupted, taking a step back, trying to lose contact with me. "You ruined everything, We're finished for! There's nothing you can say to make this any better!" Harry screamed at me, his hand now gripping the collar of my t-shirt.
My face inches from his, Harry's breath fanning over my lips as I whined in horror. Tears streaming down my cheeks as I looked away from him. His lips whispering in my ear, my body shaking as he said, "Now, leave me alone." And with that, he let go, dropping me to the floor and facing away.
His strides long and fast as he left me. Hands tugging into the pockets of his jeans, his hair whipping in the wind as the storm followed behind him.
The rain pattered against my skin as I sobbed, shaking my head. I lost everything.
A/N
As most of you know, I finished this story! It was one of my prime goals and I'm very happy that I achieved it! Anyways, I want to say thank you for reading this and for supporting me if you're an upcoming reader, but this book is going under some major editing! I'm sad to say that "Storm," wasn't my best work! I was in such a rush to end the story that I didn't realize how messy it turned out to be and how much I didn't love it! So, please know that I'm editing the fanfiction and hopefully it will be better for you all! Lots of love xx
(Keep "Storm,"  in your library if you want to read it! I'll be publishing chapter by chapter on here once they're done being edited by me! xx)
©ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
~~Dedicated to VanessaAviles who absolutely loves werewolves...
Clary POV
I wrapped my black pea coat tighter around my body and shivered as the cold air bit at my face. I looked behind me and almost bumped into a man walking towards the Institute. I quickly opened the doors and walked towards the elevator and waited for it to reach the Institute's first floor not counting the church. When the doors opened I stepped out and walked towards the library where Maryse had told me to meet her. A message had arrived from the Seelie Court and I was mentioned.
"Clary, you are here just in time, a messenger has just arrived but refused to tell us what he needed until you got here." I stared confused and looked at the messenger. He was obviously Fae by his emotionless eyes and his cold beauty. He had long blonde hair and spring green eyes, enhanced by his tan complexion. "Lady Clarissa, my Queen wishes to have a meeting with you and only you. I was sent to escort you to the gate to my realm." I looked towards Maryse and she nodded.
"Clary, you must go. Remember the Fae's conditions and their...'ways'." Maryse said gently. Jace, Isabelle, and Alec all started arguing about me going alone. Maryse nodded at me and the messenger and I slipped out of the room. When we left the Institute he led me to one of New York's many parks. He stopped when we reached a large Weeping Willow and placed his now glowing palm on the tree. He chanted Fae language that I could surprisingly understand now. I gasped as stairs looked to be forming in a spiral staircase around the tree base. He motioned me forward and I followed nervously.
When we reached the bottom I looked around the large hallways made of dirt lined with trees. I heard laughter and music and followed the messenger as he led me past many doors and branching corridors. I saw a bright light in front of us and the hallway branched into a large room lit with a chandelier made of icicles dangling from the ceiling. I stared in awe at the ice covered walls and the room in general.
The Seelie Queen seemed to be amused at my awe and motioned me towards her Ice throne. I walked forwards and she spoke in her melodic voice "Dear, dear Clarissa, how grand to see you again! I have summoned you to stay with us until your eighteenth birthday. You are one of the most esteemed Shadowhunters and it would be an honor to have you in my court for a few days. Do you accept, Clarissa?"
I really did not want to stay but I had a strange urge to say yes so I said "I would be honored, your grace."
She smiled and motioned a person from behind her that I recognized as Meliorn. He smiled at me and motioned for me to follow. I did and he led me to a large wooden door carved with flowers, birds, vines, and trees. It was beautiful but I was even more in awe at the rooms (Yes, I said rooms!) that I was given.
The first room had a large Victorian cream settee against one wall and a fireplace opposite. There was two forest green chairs around the fireplace. The fireplace had a picture of what looked to be a forest with a redheaded girl in a Victorian looking dress walking down a winding path. There was a crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling and cast a warm glow around the room. Their was a cherry wood coffee table in front of the settee and small cherry wood tables next to the two arm chairs. It was beautiful but the bedroom was absolutely breathtaking!
A curved doorway led into the bedroom with a sheer forest green curtain covering as a door. A gigantic cherry wood four-poster bed was pushed against the right wall and there was a large Victorian chaise lounge pushed against the bottom of the bed and the bed had forest green silk sheets and a lot of pillows and little throw pillows. There was another fireplace against the left wall with a large detailed mirror carved with flowers and intricate Celtic looking knots.
A wardrobe was against the wall closest to the door leading to the sitting room. I noticed an actual door this time and walked towards it. There was a Victorian claw-foot bathtub with a toilet next to it. The large mirror had a porcelain sink below it and I decided right then and their that I had to have a bath in this bathroom using the scented soaps and shampoos.
I grabbed a silky white floor length night gown with no sleeves and a bra and underwear and set them down on the toilet with the seat down and started the water. When it reached a little bit below the brim of the tub I turned the water off and climbed in. The water scalded my skin but also invigorated me, making me sigh in contentment.
I heard a door open and grabbed the nearest thing to cover me up. Which happened to be my dry clothes. God darn it!
"Who's there?" I called hesitantly only to here some shuffling coming towards the door. The last person I expected walked through the door and smirked down at me.
"Clarissa dear, you know the Fae aren't ashamed of nudity, so why are the Shadowhunters?" the Seelie Queen said questionably. I tried to cover myself as best as possible, when a queen is smirking down at you!
"Well, uh, Your Grace? Will you get me something to sleep in please?" She smirked some more and waltzed out of the room.
A few minutes she walked back in the room with a short thigh-length white silk nightgown. I stared at the nightgown in horror and the Seelie Queen laughed at my reaction. I asked her to leave and after some more questions she finally left me alone. I let myself relax for a while before regretfully getting out and drying myself off.
As I climbed into bed I suddenly thought about my friends and family and what they were doing. I started to worry but quickly shoved my worries out of my head and let myself drift into the bliss only sleep could provide for me.
*Next Morning*
When I opened my eyes I squinted from the light coming from the chandelier which automatically turned on and off at the end of the day and the beginning of the day. Pretty darn cool if you ask me. When my eyes adjusted to the light I climbed out of bed and walked towards the wardrobe. Inside were beautiful dresses and some maxi looking skirts, and silky shirts. I picked a white dress which seemed to wrap itself around me and move as if it had a mind of its own. It was floor-length and strapless with a cinched waist which made me look as if I had more pronounced curves. I slipped on some white sandals and brushed my hair, dabbed some perfume on and peeked out the door.
I stepped out the door only to be knocked down onto my butt by a Fae woman who smiled at me kindly. I smiled up at her as she helped me up.
"I'm sorry! Are you okay?" She asked me worriedly and I just smiled at her. "It's fine, I should have payed attention." She looked relieved and said "Well, I was sent to escort you to the Queen's throne room." I nodded and she linked arms with me and we started towards the Throne Room.
717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171717171
Hi!! So this is my first TMI fanfiction so please comment, vote, whatever you like as long as I get feedback. So anywho... I like Clace but I also like Clabastian, Clarec, and whatever Meliorn/Clary (whoever comes up with a ship name first, I will dedicate the next chapter to and I will probably follow you!). So please Comment!!
Goodbye my little Twinkies and Cupcakes!!!
Dang it.  I'm late again for my appointment. That will be two times in one week I'm late.  I'm trying to get me an apartment. My mother all down my back , saying since I graduated , I need to get out and try to make it on my own. I mean I have money.  I was working since I was fifteen. I'm not a broke bitch. I work for what I want.  I don't need a man to support me.  I'm independent. Most chicks my age don't even know the meaning of the word INDEPENDENT. Well anyways I'm 18 years old.  Just finish high school . Finally , I thought I would never made it out.  Being the most popular girl in school , people probably thought I had it good at the crib.  Nope my mother was down my back since I started the 9th grade.  I had friends LOTS of them. Some turned on me , told lies on me , tried to fight me ,  but guess what I still remain popular The black Barbie.
I was just about to enter the building when my cell phone ring. I didn't even looked down to know who it is.
"Yes mom" I said into the phone
"Are you at the place yet ?"
I looked at my phone and rolled my eyes, "yes ma'am I am , about to go inside the building right now".
" Do you see the time? You are late girl . What the hell was you doing?"
"Okay bye mama , I'm walking in the place now." I said then hang up on her.  I know I'm going to hear her mouth later , but oh well I need to handle my business. I walked up to the front desk and gave the lady my name .
" Hi , I'm Princess Wills , I'm here for an appointment with Ms.Sims."  I was trying to sound so professionally with my ghetto ass .
" Hello Miss Wills , apparently she isn't here today. Would you like to schedule for another appointment?"
I just stared at that lady like she was speaking another language. Is she serious right now? It took me dang near 2 freaking hours to get ready for this appointment and that lady wasn't here.  Oh hell no ! That mean I have to hear my mother mouth another week. This some straight BS.
" How about I just call her tomorrow morning , will that be fine?" I said instead.
" Yes ma'am that's fine. You have a nice day."
I walked out that building in tears. I thought I would of have my apartment keys in my hands by now.  Life is a bitch !!!
Troubled Terrain - Hetalia Fanfiction
Chapter 1- BOOM!
The countries were at a Meeting. Again. They were Still disscussing A simple topic: What was that odd cloud thing formoing in the sky, and why was it doing something to the temperature? The cloud was getting bigger by the day. "I wonder why the cloud is here." Said North ((The one we see the most of in the show)) Italy. "I wonder if it likes pasta."  BANG BANG BANG. Germany banged his hand in the table to quite everyone down. "Alright everyone! Since We've found out that I am the one who is best at running meetings, we shall begin." Everyone quited down. The room was silent. Germany decided to speak. " OK. Lets see. any ideas on what the Cloud-thingy is, and a way to get ridof it?" North Italy  Put his hand up. "Yes, Italy?" says Germany. "I have an idea! Why don't we give it........PASTAAAAA!!" North Italy exclaims. "Itlay! That is a-" Germany was cutt off from his sentencwe by a Loud boom. "W-What the heck was that?!?!" Shouts canada. "who?" says the bear. They looked out the window. The sky mhad darkened, and A thing was falling. fast. And it was coming right near them. "Run!" One country shouted. But they were too slow. the thing came down in a blinding white light, and crashed into the ground. The air got pyushed and hit the house, breaking the glass. when the dust had cleared, China got up and was first t o speak."...Ugh.. Is everyone okay, aru?" everyone nodded. Theyt turned to look outside, and what they saw amazed them.


IDON'T OWN HETALIA. ALL I OWN IS THE PLOTLINE AND THE MYSTRY CHARACTER THAT LIES AHEAD.
انا لورين انا عمري 21 سنه انا ليس لدي اهل او اقارب و انا واحيده في هذا العالم اني لم احب قط و لم يكن لدي حبيب و لا اريد ان يكون لدي حبيب انا رفيقت جيما و طبعا ستسألون من هي جيما نعم هي اخت هاري ستايلز من فرقت وان دايركشن انا لا أمن في الحب لكن سنري ما سيحدث م
thousands and thousands of thoughts and feelings never said, and never heard. and worst of all, never returned.
-
all rights go to me, sarah w.
red alert is an ashton irwin alternate universe work of fiction. ashton irwin is not himself and does not have his personality in this book. red alert's ashton is a completely original character. the rest of the characters in the book are either original, such as rose, or are real, such as ashton. all of the characters that are real, again, such as ashton, have only two things that are alike in their real and red alert selves: their looks (face, hair, body, ectera) and names. in short, everything and everyone in red alert is a work of fiction (except for looks and names based off of a real person.)
updates are everyday. all throughout the book, it is in lowercase, which is intended. if i make a mistake while writing and you see it while reading, please comment.
enjoy reading, not copying.
warning: strong coarse language, violence and death. read at your own risk and be aware of your comfort zone.
Stepping off the Asian airline, I took in some air to calm my nerves....considering I do fine in planes, this trip was eating at me. I grab my duffle bag that had the logo Aida's on it which I used for dance until I graduated high school. Now I've come to Japan to photograph models, aka lingerie models.
I looked around still holding the clothes I took with me when I left home, and noticed a man who had messy black hair and brown eyes standing with other people holding signs that had names written on them. I mentally scoff when I see my name on the white sign. Jun Carter.
I walk towards him, " Hi I'm Jun Carter." I state sounding unsure.
He eyes me then nods, giving off this ridiculous glow, considering he was good looking for how old he was. He smiled softly and shook my hand before taking my bags and walking out towards a black car. Putting the bags in the trunk I climb into the back seat and he pulls away driving down the freeway.
" So your Maria Carter's daughter! really it's an honour to have you here in Japan!"
I look up at him and nod, " Thanks. But I should be thanking you and Miwa-san for taking me in...I really hope i'm not intruding-"
" Nonsense! your practically family. So don't worry about it." he says softly.
The rest of the car ride was silent until we pulled up in front of a building which looked like an apartment complex. My eyes widen slightly but my actual expression stayed neutral. Stepping out in my black skinny jeans and a simple blue and white sports shirt with black converse shoes.
As I take my duffle bag he grabs the other one and speaks up, " The rest of your things arrived yesterday and they're in your room which I'll show you after you meet with Miwa."
I nod silently as we walk through the gates, there was a huge courtyard which had a giant sakura tree which looked like it had already bloomed. We reach the doors and step in towards the elevator, going on up to the third floor before exiting out. Immediately I could hear the booming voices in the room either arguing, laughing or just talking in general.
I look up at Mr. Hinata who smiles warmly and nods for me to follow leaving my stuff at the top of the steps before walking down the stair case to the living room. I walked down with him, my heart racing as we inched closer and immediately I tried to hide behind Mr. Hinata's back fearing for my very existence. I guess you could say, while I was introverted, I was shy as well.
" Darling~ We're back." he states a little bit loudly.
Miwa smiles and looks around, " Huh? Where's Jun?"
" Jun?" asked some of the guys.
" If it's a guy there's going to be trouble!" stammers one.
" Well don't worry, I'll protect my dear sister from this feign!" states another.
" Boys, it's not a boy it's a girl."
She walks up and pushes Rintaro aside to show me, of course I received silence and stares. Until she smiled and hugged me.
" Oh! how you've grown! you look just like your mother!" she praises.
I blush lightly from the compliment, " T-Thanks Miwa-san."
She turns around and steps forward with me, " Everyone, meet Jun Carter. Jun, meet my children."
I blush lightly trying to avoid contact and swallowing hard, " H-Hello."
They all did their separate thing. Then she nodded and pointed to each one saying their name.
" This is my oldest son, Masaomi. He's a doctor and lives here with some of the others since Rintaro and myself are away a lot. Next is Ukyo who is a lawyer, Kaname who works as a monk most of the time. Hikaru who is our novelist-"
I stare at the man who had long orange hair and emerald green eyes, he smiled slightly flirtatious towards me, causing me to advert my gaze and blush lightly. It's not like I wasn't used to seeing cross dressers...but really though...he pulled it off rather well.
" - Next we have Tsubaki, Azusa, and Natsume who are my lovely triplets~, Louis who styles the models hair on set, Subaru who is our basketball player in the family, Lori who works with flowers, Yusuke and Ema who are currently attending University which i'm so proud!"
" Mom...." states the redhead flatly.
" Then lastly Futo who is our star Idol and Wataru, my little baby~"
" M-Mom! I'm not a baby anymore!" he wines pouting slightly.
I nod and look to her, " You really do have a....big..wonderful family. It'll take some getting used to."
She nods, " Well let's get you to your room, you must be exhausted from your long flight here."
I nod rubbing the back of my neck before looking to them and waving shyly before following her up the stairs.
Walking towards the elevator with my bags we went down the elevator towards the second floor and walked down the end of the hallway opening the door to reveal the giant room that had it's own bathroom as well inside it.
" Well this is it, everything seems to be here, if you have any questions just ask me!"
She smiles and I nod silently until she takes me into her arms again smiling and hugging me tighter then before, " I-I know it's not what you expected....and I'm sorry that you couldn't be with your dad....but things will get easier you know?" her voice softer towards the end.
Shoot, I didn't want to worry Miwa-san. So quickly I pull on a brave face and smile, " It's fine. Thanks but I'll be okay..."
She stares at me for a moment longer before smiling, " Well I just know they'll like you, especially Ema, I'm sure she'll like having another girl around the house."
After that she closed the door making a soft click enter the room. Sighing softly I lower my aching body on the soft bed. falling back slightly and huffing out some air that I had caught in my chest.
" So this is where I'm staying for now....." Finally after a moment I check my phone and sighed. " Still no call from him."  I leave it on the bed, grabbing some speakers I set it on a reasonable volume which wasn't too loud playing the song Dead to me by Simon Curtis. Swaying and moving my hips to the beat as I started to unpack boxes putting my things away which were mostly books that I bought back in the states. trophies from my dance competitions and medals were placed on the bookshelf I had in there then quickly set up my desk and computer system with ease. By the time I was finished I was hanging up my clothes in the closet when the doorbell to my room ringed.
I jumped from the sudden sound which gave me a mini heart attack until I walked towards it curiously, opening it to see that it was....Ema if I remember right.
" Sorry is my music too loud?" I asked slightly nervous.
She shakes her head putting her hands up in defense, " N-No...I didn't even realize you were playing music.."
I sigh softly, " Oh...okay then what can I do for you?"
She nods, " Oh right! well we were wondering if you wanted to join us for dinner?"
I stare at her silently for a long moment before looking back in my room and then snatched up my phone from my bed and closed the door. " Sure, why not?" I show a small grin.
She smiles warmly and walks with me down the hall towards the elevator, going up to the top floor yet again and walking down the stairs towards the kitchen where everyone was sitting.
" Ah! good, so happy you could join us for this delicious meal!" speaks Rintaro.
I nod and take a seat next to Ema, looking at all the food that was on the plate already, Finally we all started to eat and talk, of course I stared at the foreign food and played with it slightly while my thoughts were elsewhere.
Ukyo notices and watches for a moment before he speaks up, " Do you not care for the food Jun?"
Some voices go silent and I stare at him snapping me out of my thoughts and shook my head, " N-No it's great! sorry...I guess I was just thinking about something too much." I blush slightly from embarrassment before taking a bite and nodding. " Really it's good. I haven't had food this good for a long time..."
Futo leans back in his chair holding a sly grin, " What, didn't your mom ever cook for you?"
" Futo!" Miwa sternly replies.
I stare at him blankly for a moment, still silent while he was confused as to what he did wrong before I shook my head smiling." No....actually she didn't. We always had take out believe it or not." I stare down at the plate a small smile crosses my lips but I held a sad expression before shaking my head.
" You know...I think I've lost my appetite...um...please excuse me." I slide back from the table and swiftly run up the stairs while I could hear Miwa biting off Futo's head with how he shouldn't of said such a thing and how it was rude to say something like that.
By the time I reached my room I quickly changed into my shorts and night shirt which was of my favorite band, Linkin park. Slipping under the covers I lay on my back and sigh softly. Before drifting off into a sleepless night.


Girl-"Hi"Little cousin-"Hi Do you know which word to use for this problem I have to fill in the blank"Girl-"Sure read it to me"
Little Cousin-"It says fill in the blank=_____ does she do to play? With choices as A.will B.what C.soccer D.none of these"Girl-"Thats easy I forgot that you in first grade ok so the answer is what"Cousin-"I dont know what it is so I asked you"Girl-" no its what"Cousin-"I told you I dont know!!"Girl-"Im talking about the answer"Cousin-"I know you are but so am I and I dont understand it what is the answer?!?!?!"Girl-"What!!!!"Cousin-"I said what is the answer are you deaf!"Girl-" what is the answer!!!"Cousin-"Gosh thats what I asked you because I dont know how to do it!!!"Girl-"Omg just go ask your mom and by the why the answer IS WHAT!!!"Cousin-"I will ask her I thought you could do it now"
My Love, With your beautiful eyes, beautiful smile,With such beautiful hair, The way you get that funny look when you don't understand, Or when you complain about a strand of your hair that flys in your face,I love it all, I wouldn't change you for the world, The way you feel in my arms, The way you smile cutely at me,It hurts darlin' when you belittle your beauty, So I kiss your cheek and hold your hand, While softly telling you are beautiful as you currently are, You smile brightly and thank me while kissing my cheek, I laugh and then awaken with a jolt, I stare at the ceiling, Emotionless, Alone, The whole thing just a sick wish my heart makes, A wish that will never be fulfilled, I hear a ding and see I have a message from you, You tell me about your date with your lover,I laugh and laugh while tears stream from my eyes, You will never be mine, But as long as your happy, And as long I have you by my side, I'll be happy, I'll never give up though, I'll stay with the hope that one day, Hopefully one day soon, You'll look at me like I look at you.
Alex's P.O.V.
Mum do I have to meet him I whiled like a little girl, yes you do we've been over this a million times my mum yelled from the other side of the house. But what if he doesn't like me, and it's summer break I should be hitting the beach with my mates, I mean he has never seen me before why should he now I said. He wants to meet you and you should be grateful now shut up and get ready for god's sake my mum yelled again.
Fine I said, then I started to muter something about my mum being a bitch. All of a sudden my mum came into my room and slapped me on my cheek. You are grounded for a week I'll show you what a bitch is she said.
Get ready we leave in 5 minutes and with that she left my room. I was already wearing my denim shorts, black OBEY crop top a white cardigan and black high tops.
I put on some foundation on my cheek, applied some mascara, black eye-liner and lipstick. I put on my grey lather gloves and my heart shaped locket that I had received from my half brother when I was five. I got my phone and beats and went downstairs.
My mum looked me up and down and said 'didn't I tell you to get ready?' I am ready I said. You are not leaving this house like that, for god's sake you look like a slut, she spat. Well we are running late so I suggest we leave now I said.
Fine, only because we are running late and unlike you I want to make a good impression she said , we got into the car and I made my way into the front seat but my mum smacked my hand away. I looked up at her and gave her a WTF face ' you are not staying in front looking like that' she yelled.
So I sat at the back, my mum said something about my half brother bring 3 mates of his but that is the last thing I heard cause I put on my beats and let the music flow to my ears, this is gonna be one long summer I thought to myself.
- 2 hours later -
We arrived at the airport and I showed no sighs of moving, my mum yelled at me to get my fat ass up but I just sat there ignoring her, after a few minutes she gave up and left me in the car as she made her way into the airport.
- 10 minutes later -
I was listening to Good Girls by my favourite band on earth 5 SOS!! When I hared the car door open, but I din't look back I just kept looking out of the window, until I heard someone say 'hi I'm Luke' I turned around still looking at my phone 'hi your voice sounds a lot like a guy form this hot band but I don't think you would now them' I said as I looked up to the guy
It only took me a few seconds to realise to whom I was talking to
.......................................
Jake is my name and, stalking is my game.
Alrighty!! So what this story is about is that three girls from different continents going to school together called Gakuen Hetalia High.... or Wolrd Academy... (please comment down below what it's actually called.)
This girls are freaking amazing in their own ways and they're called the "Perfect Trio". But what their not so 'perfect' is that they have these secrets. Their something that came from both Heaven... and Hell. Dark Angels.
That's all I can tell for now, read the story to find out more! Lol.
Hey guys! My name is GinnyWire. On Quotev I am AnimalLover so if you have read my story already and think that I am copying it. Think again. I would have chosen AnimalLover for this, but then someone already has that. Who knows i might change my Quotev name to GinnyWire. Anyway I hope that you enjoy the story.
Hello everyone! I know that I am new here, but I think I do good book covers so if you want me to make you a book cover, follow these instructions below!
1.PM me the form which you filled out (Details at the end of the chapter).
2.Wait for me to create the cover (It should take up to 3 days).
3.When the cover is sent, make sure the book is published and there MUST be credit for me as I made the cover.
4.If another cover is needed, don't hesitate to ask.
If you have any questions, either comment on this chapter OR on my profile!! The form which has to be filled out for me to make you a cover is below.
Book name:
Author:
Author's email:
Ideas:
Synopsis:
Main character:
Any additional things:
Every one talks about how terrible it is to hear their mother cry over their father. but you know what really is terrible? when your mother is a raging alcoholic who cheated on your idiot father 5 times. The pain in your heart you feel when you see your mother laughing in your father's face, at his tears, pain, brokenness. It's indescribable. When your own mother can look you and your father in the eyes and laugh at the fact she's ruining you and your father. How she can look in your eyes and laugh knowing she's the reason for the cuts on your arm. Knowing she's the reason you cry 'till 2 AM. But as long as you have a bottle in your hand right mom? No. Fuck you. for breaking my Daddy's heart.
Well back when people cared, there was this girl, named nevaeh with tons of friends and a great personality she had a great group of friends and a great family. She was always living life to the fullest. Well one day that all changed because of one guy. His name was Jason. He brought out the worst in her. He made her feel the worst. She came to school every other day, but when she did she went with her head down with long sleeves hiding the cuts an bruises. One of her friends reached out one day and took her aside to ask her what has been going on, but she wouldn't say. She just walked away slowly with tears in her eyes knowing that she is losing her friends slowly one by one. She walks to the bus after school dragging her feet with her head down and tears streaming down her face. People walk by bumping into her, she is lost in the crowd of people. Once she gets to her bus she notices her little sister and starts crying more. Nevaeh doesn't get on the bus, she walks to the football field. She sits in the bleachers and watches the players practice. She notices one guy, his name is johnny. She doesn't talk to him but he has seen her alone in the bleachers. After practice she starts to walk home and johnny catches up with her, and he talks with her. He asks why such a sad face and he hugged her and told her to cheer up. She got a little smile but that soon went away. She walked up the sidewalk and her boyfriend drove up and picked her up. She got in the car an he grabbed her hand and asked her to runaway. She looked at him and thought to herself what her sister would do without her..or her mom. She had the closest relationship with her sister. Her sister would be heartbroken. It would rip her apart to lose her sister. Nevaeh thought and thought. She wrote a long letter to each family member telling her how much she loves each one, and what she has done wrong and why she is leaving. When she starts writing the one to her sister she starts crying so much. At this point she can't help the smeared ink. After she finishes writing them, she slips them into envelopes and writes the name to the person it is to. She goes back to her room and packs a suit case. She showers and gets all prettied up. She waits until midnight, knowing her family will be asleep for sure. She sneaks out the front door and  slips the letters into the mailbox for her mom to find the next morning. She wrote a special note  for the boy named johnny. She asks her boyfriend to stop by the school gym so she can pick up a few things. She ran inside when they got there and she found Johnny's locker and slipped the letter in his locker, and prayed for the best. She hurried back out but in the slowest way possible. She got back in the car and her boyfriend was on the phone with what seemed a male voice. Jason her boyfriend, said "yes, on taking her to my old property and I'll do what I promised you" then he hung up. He looked at her an smiled an drove off.
Comment an tell me what you think(:
If I'm better than you, your a noobIf your better than me, you have no lifeIf everyone is better than me, I have lagP.S. This is just the beginning of what I hope become a great book. If your excited, like for more.
Description

THIS IS NOT A HARRY POTTER FANFICTION! It is based off of the idea of Harry Potter.

Also not your average cliché book. This book is about the power of friendship. BUT I mean COME ON even I am a SUCKER for romance so yes do expect it, just not to be the main story line.

Alright guys now that that is clear.

I have in no way perfect spelling so don't even think that I will have this perfect grammar. Oh and also I would really not like hate, so if you do not like this book close it, delete it from your library, and don't recommend it. Simpleeee (:
If you even try to copy this idea i will find you and i will kill you. jk but really no copying!!!

Also be warned there is swearing, so if you don't like that stuff maybe this isn't your book. I'm not sure if i'm going to have mature scenes yet so, sorry xx

Now finally to the actual description:

We've all heard of the prophecy, but the thing is no one knows is who is PART of the prophecy. Only the people who have been chosen know. And even then, they don't know who else is in it.

The annoying kids you will have to deal with:
Alexie: the fun loving daredevil of the group she is adventurous, lovable, and very smart.
Lukas: He is the cocky gamer of the group. He is extremely smart and is a complete playboy.
Andria: Constantly listening to music and is always in sarcastic mode. Don't cross her. She has the best revenges but she is also extremely loyal.
Cole: he is the guy who holds them all together he is sweet, kind, and hilarious.

4 people, the closest friends you can ever find, but what happens when a new addition to their life turns everything around. Can they make it? Will their friendship survive? Most important, will THEY survive?


************
Hey guyssss,
There it is...THE DESCRIPTION YAYYY!
Please leave some comments about how you liked this. Would you read it?
Okay so I just would just like to say thank you so much for reading this it really makes my day(:
Anywayyysss, I love you guys and I hope I update soon, maybe this week.
Just wanna see how much reads this book will get.
xSamx
Jako mi je dosadno a ovih dana imam i previše slobodnog vremena, pa sam odlučila da pišem novu priču. Tačnije ovo i nije priča više je kao neka zbirka, dnevnik. Naziv sam govori sve.
Poenta ove priče jeste da shvatite i bolje sagledate ljubav, jer sam primetila da mnogi od vas ne veruju jer im se još nije desila. Ali to ne znači da se neće desiti, samo trebate verovati.
Meni se desila i ovo posvećujem upravo toj meni posebnoj osobi, koju mnogo volim. Mislim da znate o kome je reč.
Sad mene zanima da li ćete ovo čitati? Nastavci će biti kratki, u prvom licu i naravno svi događaju koje ću opisati su istiniti.
Šta mislite o tome? Volela bih da čujem vaše mišljenje pre nego što počnem. Dosadilo mi je da pišem ff i ovo će mi biti kao mali odmor.
I da ako neko može da mi napravi cover bila bih mu mnogo zahvalna. Ja sam pokušala i pokvarila sam komp, toliko o tome da sam smotana.
Lennon Porters had a normal perfect life until her father passed away. Hurt both mentally and physically by her brothers, the only thing that could bring her happiness was her mate.
On the night of Sebastian birthday party and receiving the title of being Alpha, Lennon sleeps with him. Her wolf, who she hasn't been in contact with for three years, tells her he is her mate. He ends up rejecting her because she is too weak.
Finding hope in a necklace that her father gave to her, the necklace gives her a chance to have a new life away from her brothers with the help of her father's old best friend. Pregnant with triplets and living the human life that she prefers over the werewolf world.
You don't know what you have until it's gone...
A/N: Thank you SO much Sharpicle. She made the awesome cover. It looks absolutely adorable. Please do me a favor and check her out! Follow her and vote for her books.]

Please note: I feel like I've grown more mature from the time I began this book. I will be going back and changing alot of stuff once I've completed the book. Sometimes I go back and read it and think I was very ignorant for writing it...

But give the book a chance :)
Dear Prissy Girls,You think you're much better than the rest of us flipping your hair and giggling like you are robots programed to do that. You are human barbie dolls. You wear tiny clothes that look as if they were your old baby clothes, wear so much makeover you look like a clown, you stop eating so you can have a super model body but turn out looking like a skeleton. You think everyone likes you well I don't like you. I'm not saying every girl just prissy girls.
Serena's P.O.V
"You want me to start over with you guys?" I asked Kian looking at him confused. "I talked to your mom and she said that you can come back to California for a while as long as Charliann comes with you."
"What where is all this coming from. Jc and Golden just come here out of nowhere and now your telling me that I'm going back with you guys."
I got up from the floor and so did everyone else. "Babe I no it's confusing but yes."I didn't understand what they were saying but then realized that there trying to make it up to me, and change what happened.
"I will get packed. Kian can you call Charliann and tell her that we will pick her up in a hour?"
"Yah. I will let them help you pack" he said and left the room. When he left I looked at Jc and Golden. "What are you guys trying to do?" I asked angry.
"Prove how sorry we are. You don't no how much it kills me to know that I did that to you Serena. I no that you will never forgive us completely." Jc said.
I shook my head at him and half smiled. "I appreciate what you guys are trying to do. I want to go and have fun with you guys."
Golden smiled at me and looked into my eyes. "We have a lot to catch up on." He said. "Guess so."
I could tell that Jc sensed that I was upset and said "Maybe we should help you pack. Do you have a music channel on your TV?" He asked.
"Yah channel like 500 something rap please Jc." I said and threw him the remote. Jc laughed and turned on the TV and Nancy Grace was on.
There was something and it said California at the bottom. "Hold on Jc I want to see this" I said. He turned it up and we all listened.
"Good evening I'm Nancy Grace this just in a kidnapper in California has just captured a 16 year old girl. The alleged kidnapped is a 26 years old and captures teen girls ages 16-17."
I looked at Jc, he looked at me worried. "The believed kidnapper is high school teacher Nick Bailey who was fired 5 months ago from LakeCourt high school for having sex with a underage student."
I grabbed the remote from Jc and shut the TV off. "It's okay." Golden said and put his hand on my shoulder. "I no I'm just a little worried. But there's kidnappers everywhere there's nowhere to be safe" I said.
I took Golden's hand off of my shoulder and went over to my closet grabbing some shirts. "How long are we going for?" "I thought maybe a week would be good but if you guys want to stay longer maybe a couple extra if it's okay with your mom."
I smiled and put some cloths in my suitcase. I grabbed underwear, bra's, socks and leggings. I also grabbed two of my new cardigans incase it gets cold out. Kian came in the room and I smiled at him. "Ready?" He asked me. "Yah. Is Charliann coming?" I asked in a hoping voice.
"Yah she said her mom and dad said it was okay. We can go to her house anytime." Kian said and smiled at me.
"Thank you" I said and hugged him. He kissed my cheek and I blushed. I went over to Jc and hugged him. "Thank you" I said. "Your welcome."
I looked at Golden and didn't no if I should hug him or not. He walked over to me and pulled me into a hug anyways. "I can't tell you how sorry I am" he said to me. "I no your sorry Golden. I just hope we can all start over and have a good time."
"Of course we can. Flight takes off in about 5 hours so what are we going to do?" He asked me and looked around the room. "We could watch a movie or go for a walk somewhere." I said. I walked to the other side of my room and looked for my bracelet and necklace I always wear.
"Okay we should go for a walk." Jc said. Kian agreed and I looked around for my stuff. "What are you looking for?" Golden asked me.
"My necklace and bracelet. I don't no where- oh my god I left them in my backpack at school" I said worried.
Kian came over to me and looked at all my stuff on my dresser. "Do you want to go up there. We have time and we can get it?" He asked me. "Can we please. There's a basketball game going on so we can get in."
"Yah can we use your mom's car?" He asked as we all walked out of the room."Yah mom we're taking the car I forgot something at school" I said and threw Kian the keys. "Okay but can Jc drive?" She asked and looked up at me.
"I guess so come on guys." I said worried. As I was putting on my boots Kian grabbed my hand. "It's okay don't worry we're going to get it babe" he said as he smiled at me. "I no there just really special to me." I said and we all walked out the door. I looked over and saw Golden looking at me then he looked away.
I smiled and sat in the back with him as Kian and and Jc sat in the front. "So what's going on at the school?" Golden asked me trying to make conversation.
"There's a basketball game going on. I don't no I don't really go to any of the stuff." "You should there really fun." He said and smiled. "Yah well it's too late now it's the last one." I said not wanting to talk to Golden.
There was silence in the car so I took out my phone and clicked on Kian's contact. I opened my messages and started to text him.
S- This is so awkward. I feel so bad being mean to him😪
K- It's okay baby we will be there soon then we can cuddle the whole time on the plane.
S- Yah that sounds good. I really hope Bobby's not there. I'm really not in the mood to talk to that idiot.
K- Maybe I can beat him up for you babe.
After that I laughed and we arrived at the school. "Okay Jc just pull over right here and we can get in at those doors" I said and pointed to the front doors.
He did what I said and we all unbuckled our seat belts. I got out of the car and started to walk up to the front doors. I opened them and held the door for Kian to grab it.
He grab the door letting himself in then grabbed my hand. We went to the front desk and I saw the football coach TI.
"Hey TI I left something in my locker can I go and get it please?" I asked him. "Yah go threw that way though by the locker rooms the door down there is locked" he said and smiled at me.
"Thank you. We will be done soon. Hey do you no if Bobby is here?" I asked him as I leaned on the counter of the high desk. "Yah he's watching the game. You should be alright maybe you guys should talk" he said and smiled at me.
"No that's alright. Thank you see you in a few" I said. "You too." I looked at all the boys and they were all looking at me for where to go. "Alright let's go" I said. Kian smiled at me and didn't let go of my hand. "I can't wait to go camping with you" he said. "Yah me either."
I looked back at Golden and Jc and smiled. I pulled Kian's hand a little and let go. He smiled at me and kept walking down the hallway. I went over to Golden and Jc standing in the middle of them. "Do you guys no I love you?"
"Of course we do and we love you more" Golden said and pulled me into a side hug. "I don't think it's possible because I love you guys so much" I said as Golden let go of me. Jc grabbed my hand and turned me towards him and I almost fell. "I think we were so lucky to meet you and we will protect you forever" he said. "I love you guys" I said.
He pulled me into a long hug and I heard Kian clear his throat. "Jc you stealing her from me?" He asked and smiled. "Nope she's all yours Kian" he said and let go of me.
A huge smile grew across my face as I grabbed Kian's hand. "Guys we need to hurry up we got to get on the plane" I said and walked down the hallway pass the boys locker room. "Babe the plane ride is going to be long so make sure your phone is charged to listen to music" Kian said.
Before I could say anything back someone ran into me causing Kian to let go of my hand. "I'm so sorry" I said and looked at the guy. He turned around and I rolled my eyes. It was the one and only Bobby.
"Never mind I'm not sorry at all" I said and moved away from him. "Yah whatever who cares" he said and rolled his eyes at me.
I turned around and looked at him again. "Don't say that to me you ass hole! I hate you so much you no how I hate when people say whatever to me!" I yelled at him. The boys came over to me and Bobby rolled his eyes.
"I could care less that you hate when people say whatever to you. Just go talk to Charliann and leave me the hell alone!" He yelled back. "You can't talk to my girlfriend like that" Kian said and stepped in front of me. "It's not worth it Kian" I said and grabbed his arm.
"Just leave I don't want you here after what you said to me" Bobby said and moved closer to me. "I didn't say anything you used me!" "NO I DIDN'T" he yelled.
"LEAVE ME ALONE YOU HURT ME SO MUCH BOBBY I CARED ABOUT YOU!" I screamed. He stopped talking and looked sorry.
"Why would you care about me?" He asked sad. "Because you cared about me. You told me about your past and I told you mine I'm so sorry for caring" I said and turned around walking away. Kian grabbed my hand and gripped it tight.
"Serena I care" Bobby whispered. "Oh okay yah really shows Bobby I told you to text me back if you didn't use me and I didn't get one back!" I yelled turning around facing Bobby.
"Of course I didn't use you! It hurts me that you would fucking think that" he yelled. I kept walking as he caught up to me.
"You didn't?" I asked him confused. "God Serena are you smoking crack? Why would I do that I'm happy to be your friend."
I stopped walking and looked at him. "I'm sorry. I don't do good having friends you no that from Killian" I said and looked down. Kian let go of my hand and let Bobby come closer to me.
"Fuck him if he doesn't want to be your friend. Why do you think I go to you when I need to talk to someone?" He asked me as I looked into his eyes.
"Because you no that I can help" I said and smiled. "That's right. Don't think different" he said. I smiled and pushed him out of my way walking down the hall again. "Your such a jerk" I said and laughed. He hit my arm and rolled his eyes.
"What are you doing here?" Bobby asked me. "I left something in my backpack" I said and seemed to be more calm.
"Let me guess. Is it that bracelet with the heart on it and the necklace that says whatever on it?" he asked me and smirked. A smile grew on my face and I looked down. "How did you no?" I asked him.
"Because the whole time we were talking you didn't grab your necklace; you always do that when your nervous." We all kept walking and turned walking up the stairs.
"God I hate you so much" I said and rolled my eyes. I heard the boys laugh and we stopped at the top of the stairs. "You guys didn't really get a chance to meet. Bobby this is my boyfriend Kian. Kian this is Bobby" I said and smiled.
Bobby stuck out his hand and Kian shook it. "Nice to meet you" Kian said. "Same" Bobby said and took away his hand. "Well Kian you meet him didn't you?" I asked trying to remember. "Yah at the hotel" he said and laughed. "Oh yah sorry" I said. "Idiot" Bobby said then smiled.
"Jc and Golden this is Bobby" I said. "Wait I thought you and Golden were dating?" Bobby asked. "We broke up" Golden said and looked down. "Yah" I said. After that was said I turned the knob of the door and it didn't open. "It's locked" I said and looked at the guys.
"I got it I will go to the other one and let you guys in" Bobby said. "Yah oh Bobby-" before I could finish what I was going to say he jumped on the top of the stairs and jumped down to the first floor.
"GOD BOBBY BE CAREFUL!" I screamed and laughed. "Whatever" he said as he voice faded. I looked back at the guys and Kian looked jealous.
"Are you okay?" I asked him. "Yah you guys seem to be getting along good" he said and looked down. "Are you jealous?" I asked and looked at Jc. Jc shook his head and laughed along with Golden.
"Stop you ass hole" Kian said and hit Jc in the arm. "Hey it's okay thats why I love you so much Kian." I said and smiled. "I love you to. I just don't love him taking you from me" he said. "Well he can't because I'm yours" I said with a smile. I was pushed against the wall and he connected his lips on mine.
I heard the door open and ignored it kissing Kian. "Eww gross come on" Bobby said. Kian pulled away from me and took my hand as we walked down the hallway to my locker.
I stopped at my locker and twister the lock to all the numbers. "Today" Jc said. I rolled my eyes and opened it up. I grabbed my backpack and shoved it to Bobby. "What the hell?"
"Hold it please I need to look for my stuff" he signed as I looked threw my backpack. "Oh my god my Chapstick I was looking for this" I said as I was pulling stuff out.
"Oh here it is necklace and bracelet" I said and gripped them in my hand. "Thank god can we go now we need to pick up Charliann and go" Jc said. "Yah we can go. Sorry guys" I said and laughed a little bit.
"Where are you and Charlie going?" Bobby asked me concerned. "Umm to LA where else. Where going to spend time with the guys camping."
"Can I come" he asked me and smiled. "No I want to be far away from you." I said. "Okay whatever. I guess I will see you when you get back" I smiled and hugged him. "Thank you. We need to make plans when I get back" I said and smiled.
"Yah is that okay Kian?" Bobby asked. "Anything to make her happy" he said and pulled me into him."Okay when you get back then have fun camping nice to meet you guys" Bobby said walking away.
"You to" Jc said. He turned around and stuck his tongue out at me then disappeared downstairs. I looked at the guys and Kian pulled me into him. "God I love you" he said. I love you more. Let's go."
"All right, everybody!" Percy yelled. "Who put that marshmallow in my hair? Annabeth?" he said, looking pointedly at her.
Annabeth laughed and hid the plate of toasted marshmallows behind her back. Jason had recently found his newest hobby—providing electrically-roasted marshmallows to be thrown at everyone. Hazel was using the Mist to make butterflies flutter around Nico's head. Frank was turing into different animals, freaking the heck out of everybody. Piper was throwing smores at everyone from behind trees (maybe to make up for her lost cornucopia?). And Reyna was helping Piper, using Arum and Arguntum to steal the smore ingredients.
Annabeth yelled, "Okay, okay, truce!" as Percy had just stuck some melted chocolate to the back of her shirt. Everyone gathered around the makeshift bonfire/campfire and sat down, attempting to remove the sticky remains of the foodfight from their clothes. Suddenly, Piper stopped smiling. Everybody took one look at her and knew what she was thinking. Man, Leo would've loved this.
"Yeah," Frank said. "He really would've." All of the remaining Seven, plus Nico and Reyna, hoped that wherever Leo was, he was happy.
Reyna asked, "I wonder what crazy contraption Leo would ave built for the marshmallow fight?"
"Probably some crazy gun thing that roasted the marshmallows as they shot out," Jason said.
"Or maybe, I don't know, some slingshot thing that shots out gobs of Rice Crispy Treats at everyone," Nico said.
"All I know is that it would have been amazing," Hazel said wistfully.
Hey eu ma numesc Koichi Ki am 16 ani sunt din Japonia dar din cauza unor probleme de familie am fost nevoit sa ma mut impreuna cu familia in Coreea .
Nu imi va fi usor sa ma integrez deoarece nu  cunosc pe nimeni si nu stiu sigur ce e pe acolo .
P.O.V : Koichi .
A venit si prima zi de scoala , ca de obicei eu intarziasem si ca sa nu ajung dupa profesor am luat-o la fuga dar spre norocu meu  un idiot a dat peste mine si mi-a imburdat toate cartile pe jos si am fost nevoit sa le adun desigur am si intarziat .
Cand am intrat in clasa toti erau cu ochii pe mine .
Profesorul Jo: Tu esti elevul nou ?
Eu : Da domnule
P. Jo: Copii el este noul vostru coleg
Spunandu-mi sa ma prezit
Eu: Hei tuturor eu sunt Koichi Ki ma bucur sa va cunosc
Desigur unul se gasi sa comenteze ...
Deen: Ah da roz mai esti* incepand sa rada*
P.jo: Deen taci!
Profesorul imi spuse sa ma duc la locul meu si sa stau cuminte
Asteptam cu nerabdare sa vina pauza....Intr-un final a trecut si ora si a venit pauza
Am iesit afara impreuna cu MinA , ne-am dus in spatele scolii acolo MInA sa oprit dintr-o  data si sa intors inapoi
Eu  am ramas acolo iar cand m-am intors cu fata era Deen langa mine
Am dat sa trec dar ma tras dupa colt unde ma impins in Sehun
Eu: Ce  vreti?
Deen: Taci bre si stai aici * incepand iar sa rada* multe vrem de la tine...
Sehun: Uhm..
Deen: Ce e boss?
Sehun: Nimic poti sa pleci
Deen a plecat iar cand mi-am intors privirea l-am privit pe Sehun in ochi si dintr-o data m-am trezit cu buzele lui lipite de ale mele
Nu puteam face nimic deoarece ma tine strans de maini
Mi-a lasat capul intr-o parte si a inceput sa ma sarute pe gat si sa imi faca semn iar cu mana atingadu-ma pe corp
Eu: Lasa-maa!* strig*
Sehun: * ma sarutase din nou ca sa nu mai tip* Taci ca nu iti fac nimic * ma   musca de buza* apoi ma lasa sa plec
Eu imi trageam hainele in jos pentru ca Sehun mi le ridicase ;-;
Apoi dau sa plec , dar Sehun neavand ce sa faca ma prinse de fund
Eu: Nesimtit * spun incet*
Sehun: Ai spus ceva?
Eu : Nu ! * plec in clasa*
Acolo MinA si Deen ma asteptau in fata clasei intrebandu-ma daca mi-a facut
Eu: La o parte va rog * ii dau la o parte si merg la locul meu*
Dupa cateva minute vine si Sehun
Deen: Boss ce i-ai facut:
SeHun: Nimic man...doar l-am sarutat
MinA incepu sa rada
MinA: ciudat :))
Deen: Da chiar
Sehun : Taceti si haideti ca mergem acasa
Toata clasa: De ce ?
Sehun : Nu mai facem ora : Tipa*
Clasa: Nu suntem surzi :))
La mine la banca  venise Jamie
Jamie: Koichii
Eu: Da
Jamie: Vii?
Eu: Unde?
Jamie : Acasa , stiu unde stai asa ca vin cu tine
Eu: Ok haide
Am plecat impreuna cu Jamie acasa , dupa jumate de ora am ajuns acolo Jamie ma pupat pe obraz si a mers la ea acasa
Eu: Ma bucur ca te-am cunoscut Jamie
Jamie: Si eu , ne vedem dupa weekend
Eu: Da * ii fac cu mana*
Jamie era foarte de treaba chiar  daca era din gasca lui Sehun
Se facuse seara si m-am pus sa dorm , dar nu puteam deoarece ma tot gandeam la ce era sa mi se intample si incepusem sa regret ziua
Dar dintr-o  data intra mama
Mama: Si cum a fost la scoala
Eu: A fost destul de bine
Mama: Koichi
Eu: Da
Mama: Ce ai pe gat?
Eu: Ah * fac o pauza* nimic mama* ma acopar*
Mama: bine puiule eu te las sa te odihnesti
Eu: Noapte buna
Dupa ce a plecat mama am fugit repede la baie
Eu: Ah da urat sa mai vede;-;
Te urasc copile * tipand*
....
Va continua...

~Brienna's POV~
Let's get one thing strait. I've never dated, and because of one reason. My brother. My brother, Matthew, is the typical over protective brother. My parents are absolutely fine with me dating, but my brother acts like a dad. He is my best friend though. I love him.
"Brianna! Are you ready?!" He yelled through the house. "Yeah, I just need to put my shoes on, and by the way, you didn't have to yell. I was in the hall." I said. "Oh.." He said.
Since Matt turned 18, he's leaving for college, and is gonna live with the rest of Magcon. And my mom said i could go with him! She said it would be good for me to get to know Cali. Oh yeah! We're gonna live in California!
He grabbed my bags and brought them to the car. I was currently texting my best friend, Kirsten.
FROM KIRSTEN
HEY BITCH! IM COMING TO CALIFORNIA IN TWO WEEKS. DONT HAVE TOO MUCH FUN WHILE IM NIT THERE. LOL.
TO KIRSTEN
WHAT FUN WOULD MATT LET ME HAVE? IM PROBABLY GONNA BE ON HOUSE ARREST UNTIL I MOVE OUT.
FROM KIRSTEN
YOU KNOW THATS HIS NATURE. THATS HOW MY BROTHER WAS BEFORE HE MOVED OUT. YOU KNOW YOU LOVE HIM!
And she was right. No matter how sheltered i was with Matty, he will always be there for me. I am only 15. Its understandable. Ok, its definitely not understandable. But, i guess he's jusr doing his job.
"Can you like get in the car?" I looked up to see Matt already in the car. "Oh, yeah, sorry. I was texting Kirsten." I said, getting in. "Can we get Starbucks?" I asked. He nodded and drove off.
"What do you want?" He asked when we pulled up to Starbucks. "Matt, you should know this. Charamel macchiatto, duh." I said. "Iced." I added. "Thats what Hayes always gets." He said laughing.
I looked away so he couldnt see me blush. If you figured i liked Hayes, you were correcr. I fell asleep in the middle of my thoughts. What felt like five minutes later, i was woken up.
I opened my eyes to see Cameron. "Oh, i guess were here." I said laughing. "Yeah, Matt went inside to pick up the bags. He told me to waje you up. But anyway, hey!" He said, flashing a big smile. I smiled back than got out of the car. Whoa! The house was huge!
◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆Hi! Its Brienna. I know, i couldnt think of a different name. New favorire story! More to come, trust.
It's a normal Friday morning as I walk into school. The popular kids making out and just generally being loud. Most people are talking about what they are doing at the weekend and what parties they are going to. The nerds are rushing to class to get some extra revision done before the start of class. Well I am one of the nerds rushing to class.
When I get to my Math class I take out my books and revise Pythagoras Therum. We are having a test on it today, I mean we learnt it in 7th grade so it should be pretty easy but I want to make sure I get 100%. As the teacher walks in I put away my books ready for the test. The teacher wrote the questions on the black board and we got to work. The test only lasted 10 minuets so for the rest of the lessen Mr Smith marked them. I got 98% which I was kind of disappointed with because I had revised loads.
The rest of the day was okay and by the time I got home, I was so tired I went up to my room and had a Netflix marathon of Gossip Girl, yep I still watch it, I am on season 5 for the 4th time. After about 7 episodes it's 11.30 and I am really tired so I go to sleep.
"Shut up!"
It's 8 am on a Saturday morning and it sounds like there is an earthquake going on next door.
"Oh my god"
I am getting really annoyed now like seriously it's the weekend is an girl not aloud a lie in. I pull on a hoodie and stomp down stairs.
"Morning mom" I call to mom whilst pouring myself some orange juice.
"Morning Lauren, a new family is moving in today all the way from New York." She is pouring pancake mix into the pan, yum, pancakes are my favourites!
"Great that must be what the earthquake was." I muttered.
"What was that, darling?"
"Nothing, don't worry."
"Well okay then. Anyway they seem really nice. There is a really lovely woman called Cary who has just been divorced so wanted to move away, a girl called Maisey who is 2, another girl called Katy who is Jack's age and there is Nathan who is your age and will be in your grade at school. He is starting on Monday."
Well if you were wondering Jack is my brother who is in 8th grade and is really annoying. So at home there is just mom, Jack and me. Dad died of cancer about 4 years ago. It was really hard for us and mom wouldn't do anything for a month and so I had to look after Jack myself and I was only 13 then so it was really hard.
"So Lauren I thought we could drop over and say hi to Cary."
So here we are talking to Cary, well mom talking to Cary with me just standing here awkwardly, yay. Cary is a medium height, slim woman. With sandy brown hair and bright hazel eyes, she is very good looking for her age. Well I'm guessing she must be about 45.
"Lauren!" Mom yells.
"Uh yeah, mom."
"Cary said that she will get Nathan to come down to say hi."
"Yeah, sure, okay mom."
A few minutes later Carly, Maisey, Katy and Nathan walk down the stairs.
Maisey is a small girl about up to my mid-thigh, with mousy brown hair and big, deep blue eyes that are just adorable.
Katy is really tall for her age with long brown hair, bangs and big brown eyes.
Then there is Nathan and oh my god he is one big hunk of man candy. He has dark brown hair tousled effortlessly in the sexiest way humanly possible. He had gorgeous brown eyes that just sucked me in. He is about 6 foot and I could see his abs through his muscle tank. That's the plus side about living in California, it's really hot so there are always topless guys. I know I am supposed to be a nerd but that doesn't mean that I watch Magic I keep for the movie and not a topless Channing Tatum.
So now I'm at home watching more Gossip Girl, lying on my bed dreaming about Nathan. I mean seriously, what is wrong with me, he will almost definitely be in the popular group at school by his first day and I am just me a boring, ugly nerd.
After a few more episodes I go downstairs to get some pizza and ice cream. And guess who was sitting at the island eating my Ben and Jerry's. Yep you guessed it, it was Nathan. Well the best way to get on my bad side is definitely to eat my ice cream. I mean who does he think he is he may look like a frickin sex god but he just moved here and he is acting like he owns the place.
"Why are you at my house and why are you eating my ice cream?" I shout at him. I am so mad right now I don't care how hot he is, he is a really annoying.
"Oh your mom invited us round and said I could help myself to some food " Oh my god.
I can't deal I let out a loud grunt and make my way up to my room to watch more Gossip Girl. Yep that's the story of my life ice cream, Gossip Girl and pizza. Wow I have an amazing life.
So I fall asleep thinking about the hot, annoying boy next door.
~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~A/N~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~So this is my new book I hope you like it and it you do please vote, follow and comment. Thanks.Bea xx
He was perfect, everything I wanted in a man, but there is always a but to that lovely statement. My love for him died the day i walked in on him in the arms of another man. Alex and I married five years ago when we left college. We were 18 at that time and were dating but we were still young and reckless.
Our love for each other were indescribable but we never knew we would marry each other one month later to be exact. The reason we got married was because after a night together, I found out two weeks later that I was pregnant with his child because I vomitted everything I comsumed and I had serious mood swings towards him or a matter of fact anyone that dare speak to me at the wrong time.
We decided that we would keep the child because he/she was innocent and it was our recklessness that caused this. We also came to a conclusion that we would just marry each other because we were in love, or so I thought.
My parents died in a car accident a few months before I became 18 so I did not have them to approve of my choice of marriage and I had no other close family. Alex's parents were welcoming and approved of me and my baby once their son was happy with it. From what I learnt of them, they were like those wealthy parents who doesn't really care but just wishea happiness for their children.
Together Kare and Kenzie were unstoppable and nothing could get in their way. That is until they met them...  A while ago Kare and Kenzie had met and at first the hated each other so much that even looking at each other made them want to throw up. Until one  fateful day when they decided they were sick of their lives and their parents always getting on to them and telling them what to do. So on the same night they packed up their stuff and snuck out the window. (oh and did I mention that they were neighbors?) so as they walked back they both ran into something hard so they turned around to find each other. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" "I ASKED YOU FIRST" "STOP COPYING ME" "IM NOT" "UGH" it turns out they had more in common than they thought. "ok I'm gonna be the mature one here so I'll say what I'm doing here. I'm tired of my parents being jerks so I decided I'm gonna runaway." said Kenzie. "no you can't runaway tonight that's when I decided I want to runaway." said Kare. Kenzie looked at Kare with a smirk on her face and thought 'well she has family issues like me and we both are rebels I think we'll get along just fine.' "Why are you looking at me weirdly?" Asked Kare. "well because I realized that me and you could've been friends all along instead of fighting." "so" "and we both need each other in case we gets lost then we have each other instead of nobody, just think about it Kare." *snap* "oh crap what was that?" Asked Kare. "I don't know and I don't plan on staying long enough to find out." replied Kenzie. so they both took off running and this is where their story began.
It was the 1st day of April.Walking down the road silently wearing navy converse, black skinny jeans, a white tank top and an unbuttoned red plaid shirt was Emma Wayes.Her beautiful brown waves were hanging by her shoulders
She was heading towards her new school as she recently just moved houses.From a small apartment she used to share with her mom, her dad and her two younger brothers Jake and Damond who were eight and five years old to a big house in a rich state where they all had their own bedroom and had four bathrooms and a swimming pool.
Her dads job sent them here to this house and payed for all of it but Emma didnt want to move.To leave everything she has created behind.To leave all her friends and her boyfriend Zach who she missed so much.
Her new school Redwood High is where she heard all the rich popular students went but of course she expected normal people to be there too.Normal people as in others that werent as rich as well as geeks and other nerds.
Emma was a kind sweet hearted girl and hoped to become friends with atleast one person that could show her around but as well as that she was very anxious and scared.
Shelby: Why can't we be friends, why can't we be friends.....
Me:We are why else would I hang out with someone as weird as you?
Me:Oh, you meant the song.........😳
I'm so sorry guys for removing the invasion! I removed it because I wanted to change some of the things that happened in the story.  So I hope you guys like this one as much as the other one. STAY STRONG AND STAY AWESOME! -EMOBABE2020
You're about to enter a land where no motal can walk on. This book is all about us Fangirls/Fanboys, your favorite fandom jokes, quotes, all the feels, and EVERYTHING A FANGIRL THINKS.
If you read this book you will experience true fandom random.
I hope you read this, and Comment and Vote.
Let the odds forever be in Fangirls favor.
Prepare to be a true FANGIRL
Camden's POV
"Hamilton Nash! Did you just take my phone?" I asked. "Maybe, Maybe not" he said and I jumped on his back and we wrestled to get my phone. "What is going on here?" Hayes said as he came upstairs with a Mountain Dew in his hand. "Well he took my-wait where'd you get that?" I asked him. "From the fridge" he said as he turned and looked downstairs. "Umm go get me one while I get my phone from him." I said. "No you have legs" he said and walked in his room. "Brat" I said. "Thanks for describing yourself but I already knew you were one." Hayes said. "Shut up and go make out with Jordyn" I said. Jordyn is his girlfriend. She's super sweet. Way to sweet for Hayes. I looked back and Nash was laying on the ground laughing with my phone lying in the open. I swiped it up. "I'll take that" I said and we both went and Nash's room to play COD on his Xbox. •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Okay, now that that is over, let me tell you about me. My name is Camden. Well my real name is River Camden Grier. Like my brothers, I have a unique name and I don't like it so I go by Camden. I'm Nash's twin sister. We don't look exactly alike but we do look a lot alike. We both have the big blue eyes and I have brown hair that goes down to the middle of my back. I have three brother, Will, Nash, and Hayes and I have one half sister, Skylynn. She is the cutest. I have a special bond with all of my siblings but Nash, Nash is truly like my best friend but sometimes he's too protective over me. For example, out of all of his friends I have only met Cameron. I only know Cameron because we grew up together. Nash doesn't want me meeting the rest of the guys because he thinks I'm going to fall in love even though I already have a boyfriend named Collin. Or as I call him, Collin Matthew.••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
|the next day|
"Kids, Cameron is coming over" my mom yelled from downstairs. "And I'm going out so behave and Nash is in charge." she said. "Are you serious" I said as Cam walked in. "Hey Grier" Cam said as he pushed me onto my bed and caused me to spill my drink. He just sat there and laughed. "Seriously Cameron" I said and laughed. "That was my Mountain Dew and you know I'm only allowed to drink one a day because it makes me hyper" I said and playfully hit him. "Sorry" he said. "Hey dude" Nash said as he walked in my room. "Is it hangout in Camden's room day or something" I said and walked downstairs. "Dude what's your problem?" Hayes asked. "Freaking Collin is my problem. He's acting like such a brat today." I said and grabbed my phone. "I'll see you later" I said and left.
Nash's POV
"Camden can I use you charger" I yelled from my room. "Camden?" I asked. "Hey Cam have you seen Camden?" I asked. "No she went downstairs" Cameron said. I went downstairs and only found Hayes. "Hey where's Camden?" I asked. "Where do you think? Collin has been bothering her again." He said as he poured milk in his cereal. "Alright I'll be back." I said and grabbed my stuff.
Whenever someone or something is bothering Camden, she always goes out to the barn and rides our horses. She has a horse to herself, just like the rest of us. My horse is Dallas, Skylynn's is Tex, Hayes's horse is Blaze, Will's horse is Max, and Camden's horse is Buttercup. I got to the barn and got Dallas ready to ride. "You ready boy?" I asked him and we took off to catch up with Camden.
Camden's POV
"Woah girl." I said as I pulled Buttercup back a little. "You smell Dallas don't you?" I asked her as I stroked her mane. "Yeah me too, he stinks." I said as I turned her around only to face Nash and Dallas. "Wanna talk?" Nash asked me as he rode up beside me. "How did you know I was up here?" I asked as we rode beside each other. "I know you like the back of my hand Cam. Your my best friend. And Hayes told me Collin was bothering you again" he said. "Oh yeah" I said. "What's up?" He asked. "He's just acting like the world's biggest brat. He's being rude and we have been fighting more and more lately." I said as I ran my fingers through my hair. "You know I don't like seeing you not happy Cam, and if he's not making you happy..." he said. "Nash I don't know. I don't know if I want to break up with him or not you know. I love him so much." I said as a tear escaped my eye. "Hey don't cry. He's not making you happy and you don't deserve that sis" he said. "Yeah I guess." I said. "I know what will make you happy" he said. "What?" I asked. "How about I let you finally meet the rest of the boys to get your mind off Collin?" He said. "Are you for real?!" I asked. I been waiting for this for forever. "Well I mean mom did say I was in charge. I don't think she would mind some boys coming over" he said and laughed. "Well we better get back then. Race ya to the barn" I said and took off. "Oh your on River!" He yelled from behind me. "Oh shut up Hamilton! Your losing, catch up!"
~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey guys! So here's the first chapter. Hope you guys liked it. Vote and comment what you thought of it!-Morgan❤️
~Jakes POV~
I was running though a dark forest and then all of a sudden I banged into someone or something and hit the floor. I woke up then next morning to find a really loud beeping machine and heard crying over the top of the loud beeping sound although the voice sounded very familiar then l realized it was scarlet my Little baby sister I moved my head so she was all I could see and focus on "scarlet" l stuttered "Jake Ur OK finally" she said but I noticed she had tear stains down her face "scarlet why where you crying" I asked "because you weren't waking up and where unconscious Ur heart stopped beating for a few seconds" she cried some more "scar I'm fine really" I lied "OK" she replied. "is CC here" I asked my curiosity getting the best of me "yeah ill go get him" and with that she left. 5 Min's after the door bursts open "CC" I Shout but it turns out to be my father "Son" he spoke up "What, What could u possibly want" I Practically shouted at him after that someone very tall showed up "CC" I called this time I was right it was actually him he ran up to me and we hugged.
~CCs POV~
"CC" scarlet came running up shouting with was good that she was happy so Jake must be awake but I didn't get my hopes up just in case "yea" I replied she came up to me and whispered "hes awake" his dad herd and ran there I ran after him not wanting to know what he would do to Jake last time he was here it didn't go as well.
I was really worried so I tried to stop him from getting there but he was just way to fast for me but still got there first but i wasn't that far behind him. He bursts in and Jake shouts me and then his dad was about to have ago at him but I ran in and hugged Jake and Kinda Kissed him his dad just stood at the door walked in slapped Jake and walked out."Jake are you OK I didn't think obviously but are you OK I'm so sorry" I said getting all worked up he just looked at me like he was about to cry.
~Jakes POV~
"waoh why did you kiss me in front of my dad it doesn't help I'm his son" I said
"I'm sorry Babe"
"you know how he is thought"
"yeah but at least he knows"
"true I love u CC"
"Love you too Jakey"
"do we have school tomorrow?" I asked
"yeah why do you not feel up to it??" CC replied
"yeah but if Ur going ill be there also I wanna see Jinxx,Ashley,Andy,Sammi & Scarlet"
"OK do you want to walk to the bus stop alone or do u wanna walk to the bus stop together"
"together please"
"that's fine what time do u want me to get 7:40"
"yeah OK"
then are lips smashed into each other until we heard the guys and broke because we were going to tell them today but I think me and CC are going to have to rearrange it.
~Andys POV~
We all ran into the room and looked at both CC and Jake they where bright red "um did we miss something" Ashley piped up with "uh uh uh no" CC stuttered "OK" I conveniently said then they both just laughed until Jake's dad walked in saying "can we have a talk Jake" he asked "No" Jake snapped now I felt extremely awkward and left I think we all did.
~Johns POV~
I walked into my sons room to see all of his mates there i asked for a chat they all left "Now you can not ever see CC and in a boyfriend way you can be friends and that is it" I said slightly angry "Dad you cant choose who I go out with" He said getting more and more angry "yes I can I am your father I can tell you exactly what to do" he just layed there with a smug look on his face."Dad can you get CC for me" he pryed "No" I said "Why" He asked "because i said you where not allowed to see him didn't I. I am going to ask them all to leave and say you are getting some rest" I said and walked out whiled i lest him to moan.
"Hi guys Jake has gone to get some rest so could you all please leave" I asked nicely "yeah sure can you call me when he wakes up" we all asked at the same time "yeah of course see you all later" I said and they all waved and left.
"Dear diary my name is Alyssa I have a wonderful friend named /boy/ and he said we will always be friends and always love me as a friend for who I am and I'm glad and I'm so happy that he's my friend!"  Alyssa happily wrote in her diary. She thought that she would grow old with him. But all that changed drastically. She was bullied the following year by everyone in her school. She became very depressed and not even he could cheer her up. So she started cutting her wrists. It got worse and worse as the days went by like a flash. She was covered in all kinds of scars. And the boy didn't even know what the girl was doing to herself
Setosorcerer was just taking a walk, a little outside of the normal area of the Sky Kingdom, a little bit into no one's territory. Well, I suppose as I say no one's, that isn't completely true, as there was villagers and players who had chosen not to live in any kingdoms.
(Seto's P.O.V)
I looked around at the plains, that eventually dissolved into a swamp. Hidden behind a tree, I saw a little hut. So naturally, I decided to see who was inside.
As I walked up to it and knocked on the door, I suddenly realized it was a witch's hut. Although it was a bad idea, I couldn't run now or it'd be angry and attack me.
"Hello? What do you want?" The witch snapped.
"Um, j-just wanting to... Buy something," I said, noticing a for sale sign inside the hut.
"Oh, are you interested in these glasses? They enable you to see the future. What've you got, boy?"
"I'll trade you some leather for them," I replied. If I didn't buy the glasses, I was afraid I'd be attacked.
"Perfect," The witch said, snatching the leather and placing the glasses in my hands.
I put the glasses on and walked away, laughing a little bit. They didn't help see at all, they only distorted vision a little bit. But I didn't need the leather anyway.
However, once I glanced back at the Sky Kingdom, I saw something differently entirely.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~A/NWell this is the original idea of @theshadowmaster456 and she also made the cover and um if your reading this thing then I hope you don't mind. Also this is probably gonna get kinda dark.
Malcolm let his hair grow to Annabeth's length and one time Percy saw him and thought it was Annabeth:Percy: hey honey *kisses*Malcolm: dude! I'm Malcolm not Annabeth! *gags* *spits all over the place*Percy: *does same*Annabeth: *glares* Persues Jackson! (I don't know how to spell that)Percy: Styx! *runs to Bunker 9*Annabeth: *chases* (see the pun😉)Leo: *sees Percy running to bunker nine* *goes to Bunker 9 to kick Percy out*
Let's just talk okay so OMG TID!
I read it a few weeks ago or whatever more than that probably but was just watching some videos on TID reviews and now I'm all hyped up and trying to eat myself and I'm feeling book deprived so I just want to say some stuff about the infernal devices okay.
This isn't a logical conversation about TID, this is OMG I LOVE THIS SERIES AND ITS EATING MY SOUL TERRITORY BECAUSE I JUST CANT OKAY I JUAT CANT WILL AND JEM AND TESSA LIKE OMG I LOVE THEM AND CECY AND GABRIEL AND OMG THIS IS JUST TO MUCH FOR ME OMG I LOVE IT SO MUCH I JUST CANT OKAY I JUST CANT....
Just Will and Jem are like brothers and Tessa and Will and Jem just like OMG LOVE THEM AND THIS ISNT A LOVE TRIANGLE NO THIS IS THE TRIANGLE OF ADORABLENESS AND FEELS AND DRATH AND OMG!!!
Jem just Jem I love Jem he just seems so sweet and innocent but when he was alone in his room with Tessa it was like woah what happened to you Jem! What happened! Your meant to be innocent BUT I DONT CARE CUZ IT MADE ME LOVE YOU EVEN MORE!!!!!!!
and if your a TID fan you know exactly what I mean when I Will and Tessa in Cadir Idris and when Magnus was there I was laughing so hard!
And with brother Zachariah and Jem and OMG WHAT HAPPENED OMG I CANT EVEN OMG I LOVE HIM SO MUCH LIKE OMG I DIDDNT BELIEVE HE WAS DEAD BUT I WAS STILL RELIEVED!!!!
yeah I read CoHF before TID and I'd seen some stuff about Jem being brother Zachariah so I knew but when the were saying stuff about mourning and whatever and I was like WHAT HES NOT FEAD HE CANT BE DEAD I LOVE HIM HES NOT DEAD NOOOOOOOOO!!!
and then he wasn't dead :D
But then the epilogue and Will and I just love how him and Tessa have their life together and they have kids and I can't wait for TLH to read about them and I'm so excited and OMG I CANT WAIT!!!!
okay I've cooled down now I'm breathing properly again (well as properly as a TID famgirl breaths at half 12 in the morning after a night of fangirling)
Expect more this was a calming rage method that worked and yes TID I LOVE IT SO MUCH CASSIE THANK YOU CANT WAIT FOR TDA AND TLH EEEEEEERREHHHRHBHSHWBBQHZ SNJSBABWHABSBAJN-JZJJSjjJHsjnak
Abi,
I'm going to start this out simple.
First of all, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for not being there. I was gone for months with no explanation and that was my biggest mistake because that was when I lost you the first time. I was so lucky to get you back. But I didn't learn and I got  myself in trouble and couldn't explain. And that's when I lost you recently. For good. But Abi, there are so many things I want. Need to say but have no way to. I have no words.
I still love you. Those words are all that come out when I try, along with the words I miss you. I miss you Abi. I'm so so so sorry. If I could I would go back in time and fix it. Change it. I wouldn't get in stupid fights and get my shit taken away. I would hold you longer. Call you more often.
Your voice I'd so soft and sweet with your power to still make it fierce. Your beautiful. Gorgeous. Adorable. Silly. Fierce. And loving.
And I shouldn't be saying anything,I know. But I want you too know how much I love you. How much I miss you. I've tried to move on but I can't. I just... I'm in love with you.
Okay I'll stop being stupid and I'll stop blabbering
But know,
When you find someone, if they don't realise how perfect you are. If they don't treat you like a diamonds in the rough. If they aren't there for you like I wasn't. You don't deserve them. You deserve so much more than I can give you. You deserve more than diamonds. More than jewels. More than a Fucking unicorn. You deserve someone who truly loved you and can be there to care and support you through everything. Think and thin.
I'm sorry I wasn't there. And i wish I had been. Because that, leaving you, was by far...my biggest mistake.
I. I don't know what else to say.  So I'll finish this of
Sincerely, Brad.
Hey guys! Here's another FNAF story you requested! Enjoy :3~ Freddy Fazbear's is filled with joy and laughter, as the animatronic mascots sing and perform on their stages. The Toy animatronics are spread around in the party rooms, and Roxy (Mangle before she lost most her suit) is performing with Foxy in Pirates Cove.
Roxy had been given a new programme- to interact with the children, and play. Unfortunately, kids theese days cant keep there hands off, so they slowly broke and ripped poor old roxy, until she is just an endoskeleton with a bowtie, a foot, a paw, her Parrot's endoskeleton, and a suit for her head.
A little boy wearing a green top and blue jeans takes her right eye out, holds it above his heaf then exclaims, "best attraction ever!" The guards sigh and look at Roxy, then an idea pops into there head.
"Why not make an attraction to build and put back Roxy?" Mike suggests
"Hm yeah but what should we call her now? i mean, you know what they do at night and, shes a little creepy" Scott (phone guy) asks
"Mangle" Vincent says, then walks off to attend to a child.
They move her to a spare room, call it kids Cove and advertise the new attraction.
~
Vincent checks if anyone's looking, before messing with the facial reconision to the Toy animatronics. They glitch a bit before going back to work. Toy Chica interacts with a boy, until his mother walks over. She looks at the adult, and stares, until the adult backs away and she returns her focus to the little boy with the golden coloured Freddy toy.
Toy Bonnie talks to a child at a birthday party, but then stares at Jeremy as he leads the child back to his mum.
Toy Freddy simply stares at Mike from a doorway near pirate cove, then looks at Jeremy as he walks over to Mike.
~
"Mangle's so ugly! She has no suit and looks like a FREAK! " A girl says just outside the curtain in Kids Cove.
"I know! She's creepy and has two heads" a boy laughs
"Ugly! Ugly! Ugly!"
Jeremy rolls his eyes and walks in to the cove.
Mangle hides behind her curtains as the chikdren insult her. Her ears droop as children outside talk bad about her. Then, something snaps. She growls then emerges from the curtains, and lunges. She misses her target...
Eveything goes silent. Children start screaming and run to there parents; adults rush there children out. Mike rushes over to the victim, and calls an amulance.
"Stay with me. Don't die, Jeremy"
Dedication
To Berta a friend with same interests.

Prologue


Martha has never been searching for love. Until today it was finding her and when she least expect it love finds her more than once. Too many options to choose especially when you don’t think you are worth it. Martha is running from love and sure when she turns around there will be no one chasing her. Until today – when running was impossible. Blocking the way one man but could it be? Has love finally found her?
Turns out I have a family. It happened too fast.
So I was hugging my crush and EVERYONE thinks we're dating, but we're not. But I was hugging him and he was hugging me. Then one of my friends said, "I'm going to start calling you guys Mom and Dad." Thankfully, he didn't hear her. So at lunch, I told one of my friends and she was confused I told her all about it and she's like, "Nu-uh. You're mine. I'm going to be the other mom." During 6th period, I told him and explained it. His reaction was priceless. He said, "I don't remember doing it with you." I was going to tell him it was adoption, but I just stayed silent. After school, I went up to his locker and he said weirdly, "You left me for her?!? I was confused until I got it.
So yeah. So I have a kid, and ex-somewhat-husband, and a lesbian wife. Yay!!! Weird friends!!!
(Don't take offense of the lesbian part. We promise we weren't being disrespectful.)
Since that happened...I guess my family is open to anyone. WHO WANTS TO JOIN?!? XD
Hey guys!! I decided to just write a new story. I hope y'all will like it! The first part will be in Jenna's point of view. I won't publish this until I finish most of it. I know that I could be able to put out an update every day but I'm deciding to space it out. I probably will update 1-2 chapters every couple weeks or so. Please bear with me! I am only putting out the prologue for y'all to get a feel of how the book will begin.
xoxo Isabella xoxo
Hello, this is a dfab reader insert story for Gravity falls. I will up date whenever I can and ideas for monsters are gladly welcomed. While the reader will mainly be shipped with Dipper, Mabel is definately going to be thrown into the mix. But regardless, please enjoy.
Also this first chapter is mostly just to introduce your chacter. The next chapter will pick up the pace.
------
It was all you could do really. You turned 18 over 2 months ago and saved up whatever you could to buy an apartment room to live in for the pass several years. Now with enough saved up, you settled on living in a strange little town called Gravity Falls up in Oregon. From what you read online and in brochures, it was a beautiful and quiet little town with a welcoming, off-beat, community.
You tended to have a bad habit of isolating yourself from others and decided it might be easier to live with a small community that'd probably care for you better than a large and seemingly endless city. So far the bus ride into the town hadn't been too bad. It was a nice and calm compared to the legal and financial hell you'd been in for the past few weeks and you took it as a sign things were going to be easy and peaceful from here on out.
Outside of the bus were thousands of pine trees that must have been a mile high. It was the start of summer and even the air inside the bus felt muggy and humid but it was worth it. You could see wood land creatures fleaing from the speeding vehicle. You stared deeper into the woods, trying to see pass the trees. You squinted your eyes upon seeing a pitch black blur in the woods. But the woods ended before you could get a closer look and what you saw now were small establishments and homes. You had finally arrived to Gravity Falls.
The locals stood out, each one left a strong impression in your mind. A pair of cops that looked like polar oppisites yet seemed to enjoy the other's company, a group of what looked to be college kids enjoying causing some mischief in the parking lot of a diner, and tons of families and teenagers looking to be enjoying the first few days of their summer break. Looking at each citizen closely was how you managed to pass the time before the bus suddenly haulted and threw you forward and nearly out of your seat. Grasping at the bag in your lap, you took one last glance outside and saw your new home. It was a modest looking, two-story building that looked like it used to be a motel.
" We're here little lady. Welcome to your new home in Gravity Falls, Oregon. I hope-" The bus driver paused and shuffled a deck of note cards before speaking again. "-you enjoy your time here." You got up from the hard bus seat, grabbed your back pack, a dufflebag, and a suitcase then left while waving the driver off. You'd been mailed your room key before you left for town and all you needed to do now was drop off a payment and the room was yours.
You immediately found the main office and met the owner. The two of you discussed everything, the rules and Regulations and after filling out a few forms, the second to last room on the far end of the second floor was all yours. Even though feelings of anxiety nipped at the back of your neck, all of that turned into bubbily glee upon seeing your new, bleak and empty apartment room with only the bare necessities. Perfect to decorate and alter however you wished. A single and small bedroom, a living room, an impossibly cramped kitchen, and a living room with nothing but a worn couch that smelled of cheap lemon spray.
You took care of the mediocre work first and emptied your bag of all your belongings. Putting them in their respective spots in the closet, drawers, bathroom cabinets, and a few knickknacks around the living room. The most enjoyable part was seeing your art supplies after they'd been packed away for several weeks. There were tons of places in town that'd be perfect for sketching and painting. By the time you finished organizing everything you noticed it was past lunch time and you were starving. Opening the fridge in the kitchen provided nothing. Not even the basics like milk or bread could be found.
So the new quest in your new home was finding the town's grocery store and a half decent place to eat. This gave you a chance to explore the town and get a good feel of the residents. You had a map given to you awhile back after you had decided to move to gravity falls. You pulled it out and scouted out a course of action, the grocer's, straight home, then picking out a fine cheap meal. There was only going to be enough money to last to the end of the summer. Finding a job was another mandatory task you had.
You sighed, pushing back your negative thoughts and thinking of the positives. Things should only get good from here on out. After all, play your cards right and you'll probably be living here for the next 70 years of your life.
Nope! Nope! Nope! You shook your head and took a deep breath of the hot summer air and exhaled. You wouldn't have any more troubles and could worry just about living in the quiet, woodland town of Gravity Falls.
Instead ofWiping away your tears,You should wipeAway the people thatMade you cry.
Me and Toby go back to when we were born.Same time and year.I was born 8/18/98 .~Flashback ~Toby! Yeah Lia(Toby).Want a waffle?No.*We both twitch*This was a day before he went insane.Please eat Toby. No. Well when you want it you can have it .I hug him.~Time Skip~TOBY!! I sit there horrified at what I see. The blood didn't freak me out it was that Toby had caught himself on fire.I burst into tears.Why me Toby? The only person I would ever care about and you kill yourself.Why?~End of Flashback~A/N~This is my first X reader.Sorry it's so short I wasn't sure what to do.The character Lia Price is my name.Bye ma sexy muffin cats~
The purple haired man was looking at you as if he wanted to devour you whole. The pleasant smile on his face seemed real but with an underlying note of danger. You were talking with him, trying to hide how uncomfortable he was making you, babbling about various books and answering his questions whenever he asked them. Your heart jumped when he placed his hand on top of yours and you gave him a slight smile. His thumb moved on top of your hand, calming you down a bit.
"Tsukiyama-san," you spoke, glancing away from his eyes and looking out through the window, watching people pass by. "Why are you staring at me like that?"
"My beauty," Tsukiyama said, making your heart tremble and cheeks flush with color, picking up your hand and pressing a feather-light kiss to your knuckles. "You are like no other."
Tsukiyama turned your hand, cupping the back of it with his as the fingers of his other hand traced the veins on your wrist. His gaze was dark, seductive, as he smiled at you.
"Your heart, it is racing." He mumbled, staring in your eyes before his fluttered closed and his nose touched your wrist as he breathed your essence deeply. Your lips parted and you breathed out slowly, the air shuddering out of your chest. "Mmm, so appetizing."
His words sent a shudder right to your belly, his voice caressing the syllables. Your body kept telling you that Tsukiyama is dangerous, a devil in disguise, ready to jump out at any opportune moment and eat you up- like a wolf did grandma and Little Red Riding Hood. Except, you didn't really want a hunter to save you, you wanted to be eaten by this dashing, eccentric, persona.
Tsukiyama's fingers tip-toed up your arm to your face, second and third finger curling around a lock of your hair.

I have within my pantry good store of all that's nice;
I'm sure you're very welcome - will you please to take a slice?"
Prologue- Hunter: The Old Life
Thump. Thump.
I could feel the beat of the bass drum deep in my chest from the music as it blared loudly over the beach.
Tonight was the last party before school started for my junior year.  It was a big deal every year, where the everyone came down to the beach to let loose before everyone had to get ready for school on Monday and it was in full swing. The sun was beginning to set into one of those breathtaking sunsets our town was known for and some of the senior kids were setting up the massive bonfire pile that would be lit later on when it got darker.
I was making my way through the crowd to get over to the coolers and grab some drinks; the crowd was much harder to navigate than I thought it would be.
"Sorry. Excuse me. Coming through," I repeated over and over again as I moved around people till someone grabbed my arm forcing me to stop.
"Hey Hunter," A sweet voice said to my left. When I looked I saw it belonged to Nicole a pretty girl I used to have a thing with.
"Hey, long time no see," I shouted a bit over the music.
"Yeah, tell me about it," She stepped closer to me, "Is it true? That rumors that you had one girlfriend all summer?"
"Yeah, and she still is my girlfriend," I said and she looked disappointed giving a rather exaggerated pouting face.
"Darn, so you're really not available?"
"Nope."
"Not even for me?" She asked batting her eyes a few times, I smiled a bit.
"Sorry Nicole, you know it doesn't work like that," I said and she sighed,
"Not for you. I guess I'll let everyone know so you're not interrupted all night," She said halfheartedly.
"Thanks, I appreciate it," I naturally leaned over and kissed her cheek, our eyes locked for a moment before I forced myself to look away, "See ya around," I said quickly then left shaking my head while mentally giving myself a bit of a kick. I had to stop going on autopilot like that, I actually really liked this girl and I didn't want to mess it up.
After grabbing two cokes from the cooler I headed back to the far side of the beach, going around the crowd this time. I couldn't help but smile when I saw my girlfriend, her brown hair caught in a light breeze, when she saw me she smiled back making her green eyes light up.
"What took you so long?" Olette asked teasing me slightly.
"Just a big crowd," I smiled handing her a coke, she laughed lightly at me.
"Told you, I said you should've gone around."
"No need to rub it in."
"Just proves you should listen to me more often," She gave a teasing smirk
"If I always listened to you we would be sitting watching some movie rather than out here having fun at the biggest party of the year."
"Would watching a movie together be so bad?" She asked, I stopped not sure what to say. She always was able to trip me up like that.
"Um...no," I said a little unsure and she shook her head a bit with a smile.
"Hey Hunter!" I turned to see who called me and saw Ian; he was an average joe kind of guy with brown hair and brown eyes, a bit dorky but in a likeable way and he was my cousin. He was a bit sheltered by his mom (my Dad's sister) but I was working on that.
"Hey Ian," I said and Olette greeted him as well, "What's up?"
"Well we just got the net set up, wanna play some ball?" He asked holding up the volleyball and gesturing to the group behind him. I knew most of them, some of the girls I'd been with, seen some of the guys around, and then one of them was TJ who was a good friend with dark skin and dark grey eyes and of course he had on one of the many snapbacks in his collection, never went anywhere without one.
"I'd love too. Hunter?" Olette looked at me and I smiled with a nod.
"Game on," I said with a smirk then we went over and started to play.
It was fun as we goofed around and played as the sun went down, especially when we just kinda gave up on the rules and just tried to hit it over the net anyway possible.  Bouncing it off our feet, heads, or diving just to keep it up.
"Hunter heads up!" Olette called to me as Ian hit a high ball across from the other side. I scrambled backwards in the sand to get it but the sand shifted under me and I fell on my back in the sand the ball going over my head, "Are you okay?" Olette asked jogging over, I just laughed getting up.
"I'm fine," I smiled at her then turned to get the ball, but someone already had picked it up.
"Nice wipe out Woods," Brandon smirked holding the ball. Brandon was one of my friends since childhood after he'd held back into my class fourth grade class. He was tall with shaggy strawberry blonde hair and brown eyes not to mention the mischievous look that always seemed to be on his impish features.
"Hey, your gig done?" I asked him, smiling a bit as he walked over. He was part of a band, the drummer, that got hired to play the party.
"Yeah, now some girl band is up," He shrugged a bit and looked over my shoulder, "Oh hey Olette, you're still around?" He said not hiding his disdain for my girlfriend. He thought she was way too much of a goodie-goodie and I was wasting my time with her. I was pretty sure he was trying to drive her away, but thankfully she was stubborn.
"Hello Brandon," Olette rolled her eyes sounding exasperated.
"So um...anyways, Brandon you wanna join our game?" I said quickly trying to break the tension.
"Sure, why not. At least till the bonfire starts, you okay with that Little Miss Sunshine?" He asked Olette mockingly but she just shrugged in response as I shot a glare at him.
"I'm leaving so I honestly don't care," Her voice was matter-of-fact as I looked at her stunned.
"Wait you're leaving?"
"It's nearly nine-thirty; I have to catch the train to be home by ten. You knew that," She said apologetically, taking my hand.
"Yeah...I just didn't know what time it was," I smiled a bit at her, "I'll walk you to the station."
"You don't have too. Stay and hang out with your friends," She said, just like every other time, she never wanted to be an inconvenience it made me smile.
"No, I want to, at least up to the boardwalk," I insisted and she reluctantly agreed. I walked over the beach with her to the boardwalk above that lead through the warehouse to the train station.
"So...I'll see you tomorrow?" Olette asked smiling a bit as she held both of my hands.
"Of course you will," I smiled tucking some hair behind her ear causing her to blush with that shy smile that drove me crazy. I leaned in and kissed her (ignoring the distant cat calls), pulling her closer to me. She leaned into me her arms wrapping around my neck as mine rested on her waist. Her fingers found their way into my hair and I fingered the hem of her tank top, she didn't stop me so I slipped my hand under onto the small of her back. I cringed inwardly when I felt her pull away and take my hand off.
"Hunter we talked about this..."
"Sorry, forgot the boundaries," I sighed a bit, this happened every time it seemed.
"I know. It's hard for me too; if you weren't always so good at the seducing thing this would be so much easier," She teased lightly to try and cheer me up.
"Yeah it'd also be easier if you weren't such a good kisser," I smiled a bit then it grew to a smirk when she blushed deeply. She just smiled and shook her head,
"Goodnight Hunter."
"Night," I smiled as she leaned up kissing my cheek.
I sighed a bit as she walked away then went back to my friends. The seniors had lit the bonfire so now we were just sitting on the hill as the fire grew higher and higher reflecting out over the water.
"Seriously Woods...what do you see in her? She's such a stick in the mud," Brandon asked after quite a period of silence.
"Maybe that's part of why, ever think of that?" I raised an eyebrow at him but he just laughed.
"Because I know you better; you don't like uptight girls," He responded and I just shrugged,
"Then I don't know, I just like her."
"That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard from you. And I've heard a lot of stupid come out of your mouth," He shoved me jokingly.
"Oh thanks," I rolled my eyes sarcastically.
"But seriously, what are you expecting to get from her? We both know what you want and we know this is an ineffective way to get it. Some commitment to a good girl isn't going to get you any," He said pointedly and I rolled my eyes at him.
"Brandon, for the thousandth time, this one isn't about that," I groaned out tired of repeating myself.
"Sure it-"
"Hey guys! Guess what," TJ said coming up with Ian, who was carrying drinks.
"What?" I asked taking a drink.
"You know how a while ago I told you my parents wanted to adopt a kid?" He asked and we nodded, "Well my parents got cleared, all I know is he's thirteen and could be here any day, maybe even tomorrow."
"That's great!" Ian said excitedly.
"You nervous?" I asked.
"A bit. I mean I'm going to be a big brother, that's a little nerve racking."
"Must be, now you gotta watch your every step Mr. Role Model," Brandon joked a bit.
"I don't have to be a role model just yet."
"Well he could be here tomorrow right? How about one more prank then?" Brandon offered in his odd way of support.
"What did you have in mind?" TJ asked curiously, Brandon just shrugged with a mischievous glint in his eye.
"Something juvenile," He paused with a smile probably for effect and when no one said anything he continued, "I was thinking eggs and TP on that crazy old guy's house who lives in the woods."
"What did the old man ever do to you?" I asked curiously.
"Caught me with Jenny in my car. That insane old man got the deputy to lock me up for a night for public indecency," He said venomously. We all exchanged looks on whether to indulge Brandon in his revenge, eventually we all agreed, "Great, I'll get the supplies meet me at the forest road in a half an hour."
Had I known what would happen, I wouldn't have gone. I would've stayed home and watched a movie or done something normal maybe even picked up my room. But for some reason the universe decided that it hated me a long time ago and just had to make my life as complicated as possible.

AN: Dedicated to all my friends who have been on this ride with me from the start, not necessarily writing but just supporting and helping this story grow! You know who you guys are :)
Hope you all enjoyed!
The only one,I love with all my night long,The only one,I'm thinking every night,The only one,That helps me make things right,The only one,I dream of when I go to sleep all night,The only one,I think of when I hug my pillow tight,The only one,I'm not giving up without putting up a fight!
Vote or comment please if I should do more!📄✏️✒️
What the hell. How is it possible for me to feel like this. The girl has got my head spinning and I kind of like it . It's been about a week since Brittany (BC Jean) has broken up with me and the person that was there for me the most was my best girl friend Witney Carson.She has just gotten out of. A relationship as well and the ironic part is that our exes were cheating on us with each other. When I first found out I was hurt, but after talking about it I feel so much better. My phone then buzzed, it was WitneyWit😝:Hey Mark, up for drinks later?Mark:With who?😮Wit😝: Me, You, Linds, Val, Derek, and Such...... Lol😂I wasn't sure how to respond because of the fact that I had to finish choreographing the routine for Willow and Myself. Mark:Sure why not😀.Wit😝:Kay.👏👏
Thanks for reading I will try and update frequently-Mia😝👯
Carpe Noctem"Seize the Night"☽
For those of you who don’t know me, you should first understand that I like an easy life, which I do not have. Life is horrible, being a foster kid in a harsh world. My last home was terrible. I couldn’t step out of line or even breath wrong without threat of a punishment. Word to the wise; never keep the piece with violence. The one before that was dull and restrictive. I’ve had to follow every rule and broken every rule I could break. Parents sent me back to the shelter after about a week, saying that I was “difficult” and “non-conforming”. This new home isn’t much better. I have a foster brother that bullies me. My life is prison.         “Cinderella” was my favorite fairy tale as a little kid. I’m sure it’s obvious why. As a child I would dream that a handsome prince would come and rescue me from my terrible new parents and take me away with him to live in his palace. But I know better now. I decided to change my existence on my own, as much as I could. Recently, I discovered a new concept, one that seemed to liberate me.           My real name is Alexandra Wilson, but I’d like you to call me Nyx, at least while I’m in Shadow form. I’m thirteen. In these more-than-likely ink-splotched pages, I will tell you Part One of my complex “dream” story. Whether it’s true or not, you’ll have to decide for yourself.
☽
Hi. My name is Margo Delta and this is my story.I was never a real tall girl or  motional stable. I got along with almost everyone but some teachers didn't like me and I didn't know why. I was a shy quiet girl with brown hair and green eyes.  My style is like sweet and smart.I rarely talked or raised my hand in class,but that all changed when I met him. Him. I still get chills when I think about him. Who is this 'him' you ask? Why he is Hunter William. My best friend. Hunter is a tall,smart, basketball player (captain). He has hazel eyes and dirty blond hair, he's style is a mix of a lot of things. We are complete opposites,but I guess we blend better that way. Hunter is like a player but that's what you get when your the most popular guy in school. He has an on-again off-again relationship with Dana Bright. Don't get fouled by her last name, that girls a monster. She may look perfect on the outside but deep down she evil. How do I know this u say? Well you'll find out soon. Anyways that all you need to know to get you going. Maya:Hey what about me? Me: Opps! Sry Maya!😅. Ok so that girl is Maya Young my  other Best friend. She has red hair and a short temper. She's like a bad girl, like she almost never does her home work (unless I force her to). Her style is like Edgy but sporty. She like to play soccer and shop. Me:Is that everything? Maya:Yes,I'm good now! Me:ok then that's all u need to know to start u off!
Kai's POV
I woke up to the sound of Alex's voice coming out of my alarm.
I sat up as I realised that I was late, it should have been for Baltimore playing, not so long soldier.
7.30am. Shit, i only have twenty minutes to get ready.
I rushed put of my bed and grabbed my black skinnys of the floor and put them on, then I grabbed a random band tee out of my wardrobe.
I grabbed my vans off my floor and ran out of my door remembering to grab my bag and hoodie.
I looked in my mirror fixing my hair. I should tell you about myself.
Well my name is Jace Kai Blakely, but everyone calls me Kai, my hair is jet black styled in an 'emo' style, my eyes are green and I have snake bites. I am an orphan, my parents my twin and older brother are dead.
Slam. I ran into a hard chest. I looked up to see Seth, the future Alpha. It's your fault I was distracted by telling you about myself.
I gulp trying not to look at him in case he catches me staring. He is truly gorgeous. With his golden blonde hair, that he always manages to style perfectly, and his piercing blue eyes. And his muscles, oh my god. Drool.
I know I may sound like a girl, but once you see him.
"Are you okay Kai?" He asked with his amazing voice reaching out to steady me. His eyes piercing into my own as his six foot four frame towers over my own five foot eight frame.
"Yeah, just in a rush gotta go." I say as I run past him.
Nearly everyone in the pack is nice to me, but I feel as if it is there pity.
I was found when I was seven by the Alpha and his Beta. My pack had been raided by hunters and my parents were killed along with my brothers.
I didn't talk for three years until I met Alec. I met him when I ran away from the pack house.
*Flashback*
I ran towards the park determined to get away from everyone, I can't stand all of the sympathy from everyone.
As I reached the park I seen a boy about my age sitting on the swings.
"Hi." He called out to me. "I'm Alec."
"Jace." I replied, my voice sounding a bit croaky. "Kai Blakely, but you can call me Kai."
"Well, are you just gonna stand or are you gonna sit next to me Jace." He said.
* End of Flashback*
I sat next to him that day until the Alpha came and found me.
I thought he was going to be really angry really with me, but once he heard me talking and laughing he told me that he was happy I found a friend.
I put my shoes on as I walked down the hall towards the front door.
I opened the door to see Alec and Alice waiting in their car. After knowing Alec for about a year he told me that he had a twin sister, and I met her and the three of us became really close friends.
"Hurry yo ass up." Alice shouted at me leaning put of the window.
"Ok, calm yo self. My sexy self is coming." I said back to her.
"Shut up and get in the car." Alec said.
"I'm in the car now drive." I said.
I love Alec and Alice as if they were my siblings, i'll love them no matter what, I'll always love them. Whatever crazy colour that he dies his hair, or whatever crazy tattoo that that Alice gets. They are family.
They may not be blood related bit they are more my family than that pack will ever be.
I know that Alpha, Seth and most of the pack believe in Omegas being equals but that is just them.
They hate me, but I hate them back just as much, if not more.
************************************
First chapter, I'm not sure if its good or what but oh well.
The picture is Kai, but imagine his eyes green.
Bye love ya's xxx
"Hi Georgia" I heard a familliar voice say. It was 7:00amOn a Saturday and my twin-Geraldine-had woke me up.
I can't believe we are identical even though we where both girls. This type of thing reminds me of Zoella and ThatcherJoe. Well of course I would be Zoe and Geraldine would be Joe the practical joker. She did this often, so even though it was annoying I was used to it!
"Stop daydreaming and get up" she shouted
"why should I?"
"Because we may be getting adopted!"
"Is this a joke?"
"No." she did sound serious but she was good at that. She usually scared me with her 'angry ' voice. I was ten and, of course, my twin was as well "Get dressed we're going to a fancy restaurant!" I got in my pink boots, my pink and white dress, a bow necklace, a pink lipgloss and a shimer pink eyeshadow. I couldn't believe this was finally happening...
(a/n sorry this was so short my tablet was running out of charge)
This time around, there is no big announcement in Capitol square - no thousands of reporters, waiting upon Vienna's every word. There is nobody but for one reporter, sent straight from Capitolis magazine, the most popular magazine in the Capitol, Attina and Cicero. This time, though Vienna holds the card on which the twist is reading, she is not the one reading it - she is far too ttired for that. Instead, it is Cicero who is announcing the twist of this Quell to the world.
"In honour of the 350th Hunger Games, as a reminder of the Capitol's generosity when the districts surrendered, each tribute is to write down their biggest wish. If they win, it will be granted. We hope that this will encourage your participation."
The next day, thousands of people walk down the Capitol streets a magazine in hand, and just as many families in the districts are huddled in front of the television, having just learned the news of what is awaiting them. Some seem incredulous, and after what the last Quell had in store for them, it is not hard to understand why. To some, it seems almost impossible to fathom that this could go well for them - or, as well as this can go, anyway. There is almost excitement as people whisper to each other the typical phrase, as mocking as ever.
May the odds be ever in their favour.
-----------------------------------------------------------
-Hello everybody! This is the third of three Games which will be my final Games, all using Vienna Heraohse as Head Gamemaker. Rules will be posted in an individual chapter; I suggest you consult them before entering regardless of how many Games you've entered. You may find a few differences.
- Reservations will open on May 22nd at 10 PM GMT. The first task will be posted on May 29th or when all tribute forms are in.
(This book is for fun so I mite not update much)
This one says that an atomic bomb was dropped nere gravity falls and in the room with the portel in it what one criostasid devies and dipper and stan put Mabel in it but she had bubblegum and smile dip in hare and the moshen was borcen so she became princess bonabel bubblegum and dipper some how became Finn and that's why PB don't like him. He has no old memerys but Pb has some like how she likes to make sweters like the one for Finn and cant remember why but knows she cant like him. She cant remember who but some one she cares for (dipper) loves science so she got in to it.
And chapter 1 is done a lot of gravity falls ,adventure time and Steven universe on here
Deana
©Lesley Jane Tarrant 2015
Pernumbra, and anything associated with it unless otherwise noted, is property of Lesley Tarrant. It may not be reproduced without permission from the author.

A/N: Apologies for the really bad blurb; I had the synopsis written out and perfect, but you can't put a synopsis on a story. :/ Still working on making this okay for readers.
This should be out after Frostbitten is finished, (so around May or June) and I may post a teaser eventually. Not sure, though. This is going to be a really hard book to write, but I'm up for the challenge. :)
So, this is a Beauty and the Beast/The Fairy Snake retelling, but there will be many (more like a few) differences.
Cover is made by me and I don't know how I feel about it. I'll eventually get a new one. Eventually.
Alexis's POVI was walking around school like I usually do and as I walked by I could here people whisper about me.."Look at that ugly freak..""Freak!""Stupid retard "I closed my eyes not letting tears fall out when I crashed into a boy....I am so sorry let me get that!!!bye..I said almost walking away but only to be pulled back...I said I was sorry..,I said looking down..He smiled...."It's okay....i just wanted to give you this book you left.left sorry I walked into you...."he said nicely...No it was my fault I was walking like a idiot with my red close...I said then I relized that there was a tear in my eye....I quickly wiped it...."Do you want me to walk you to your next class?.."he asked...No you don't have too.....I said getting my books all together ."But I want to..."he said..I got a little scared this is my first time having a real conversation with a boy and he wasn't saying how weird or ugly I was...Ok...i looked down as he grabbe half of my books..."I'm Daniel..."he said smiling...Oh ...I know....i said smiling with a misunderstanding look in my eyes."What's your name..?"He asked me.A..l...e...x..x. ..i....s..I said ever so quietly.."Alex?"he asked....Oh no Alexis ..but Alex is fine...I said looking down...he was staring at me he didn't look away...He walked straight into a wall.CRASH.!!!Oh my gosh...are you okay?!I asked,,,''Oh yeah....'he looked confused ..You sure ?I asked again..."Yeah I'm fine..."he said smiling ...This is my class I said he handed me my books...A boy walked by and stopped for a few seconds and said "fat ugly weirdo!!!!"he yelled slightlyDaniel glared at him..I looked down and sprinted for my class.....
Daniel POV..
I could see people pointing at her in class and whispering thing while she put her head into her Croat arms on the desk...I walked away....I bet that's why she was  crying when I seem her do they do that to her.....I went to my claclass's he was a nice girl...i wish we could hang out but she would never come to me I would have to find her because she practically doesn't even talk....
After class I sprinted to her class... I got to the door way and she came out slowly she walked pass me then I saw a sigh on her back that said punch and kick!I looked at it.a girl walked bye and punched her in the stomach....I ripped the sigh off he and got on my knees...Are you okay?I asked her."Yeah I'm fine I got to go..."she said getting up and putting her hood onI ran after herHenryCan I walk with you?,I asked.."Know people will expect you to kick , punch or slap me... if you don't it will ruin your cool news or what ever and I don't want to be slapped or punched or any of that crap...."I won't listen to them...please?"Daniel Im going to the bathroom and you cannot come with....."she said smiling a pinch...Ill wait outside the door!I said smiling.."What ever...ease don't tell anyone I'm in there cuz it's happened before...."I looked down the door was always opened so I could see the sinks only...She came out and wiped her tears from her eyes and went to the sink... A girl filled a napkin thing with soap and smashed it on he face...She paused...The girl laughed then walked away she looked in the mirror I coul still see her. she wiped it off with water and a napkin and walked out...You okay.? I asked hehereShe turned around..."Stop.. please just stop... if one of your friend set you up to come up and do something to me or dared you to talk to me just get it over with.,"she said standing infront of me...I'm not.. I swear.."Why do you ate them"Because I want to be friends..."Please..if this is a jok-"It's not a joke I swear give me a chance...."I guess "she said..A boy walked up to me "Are you gonna punch her?!!!.."he asked laughing,No.."Fine I will"he said bending his fist back as she closed her eyes... he quickly pushed it fordwoulds ..I grabbed it..No you wont!I said pushing him back..."What ever! bye bye bi**y !"He laughe and walked away..."Thank you.."she said looking down...You don't need to thank me ...School was over and I started following her to her house..."You know your following me you stalker..."she said sadly...I laughed can I come to your house??! I asked exitedly .."We'll you already more then half way the so I guess."Cool!I said she looked confused.
We got there and se walked in "Hi mom!"she yelled a little..."You've already got a boy friend....!!!!"she said"No mom he does not want to be my boy friend he is just visiting...."she said a little sad like."Hi! I'm Daniel! I Alexis 's friend..."I said.."Your first friend!!!"she elled.."Mom!!! Please stop talking..."she said madly as she ran up stairs..I laughed and followed..She led me up to a door..."Please don't ...like laugh at my room....in sorry and remember in just a girl...."she said nervously..It's okay I know your a girl and why would you be sorry...."Hold your breathe on that...."she said opening the door..It was a normal sized room with like 20 posters of me..,And you thought I was the stalker!!I said laughing "Shit up or I will punch you,,,"she said laughingI knew I was like famous because o singing and all but I didn't think she would have posters of me....I jumped on her bed."Scoot your big butt over!"she said pushing me then sitting on her bed..Why don't u act like this at school?.."Because u can't they don't care who I am they care about what I look like "But you're beautiful !I said she stopped and sat there in silence...I think I went to far..... I said..She looked up nervously ...So you like me..??!!I asked laughing "She put her head in the pillow ..Please stop your making this so weird..."I'm sorry!!! I know what it's like to like someone that doesn't like you... I said"Yeah right your hot!'she jumped and covered her mouth with her hand .."I am sorry..."It's okay..I said smiling ..I got on the bed and scooted  closer to her..She scooted away..I scooted closer She scooted awayI got closer then she fell off the bed...Oh my god!I'm  sorry!I said.."It's fine"I putt hand out ...She looked at it weird then grabbed the bed instead...So now you can't touch me??I asked.."Okay that sounded weird so please quiet talking..."she said looking sad but happy ish at the same time....
Hay! I'm Ariana . I'm 14 years old and I'm going to start highshool . I'm known as the innocent girl. Just because I'm a virgin.But this year I'm trying to change. Oh no not my virginity! I'm planning to save that for when I find the right one. Yes I'm a hopeless romantic and I love it. But yea I'm trying to change my style a bit . I'm used to knitted over size sweaters with heels. Well not anymore . I'm gonna go for a more of dress now. And I'm changing my hair style also. I know smart right . Well wish me luck on first day of high school!
Justins povAye! I'm Justin . I'm 16 already in high school. I'm known as the player . Yup all I do is fvck girls. So ! And some of the girls call me a jerk just cause I take their virginity and leave em. Well they should've known what was heading their way once they decided to have sex with me. All of them want a relationship with me. But I just don't feel anything there . Nobody catches my eye . Well tomorow is my day back from summer break.
I'm not even going to give you a warning, you should know everything by now.
Sam's POV. Hey journal let me tell you about my self I just moved, I have blonde hair. outstanding blue eyes, and I am constantly bullied. I am 16 and I've never had a first kiss, party, boyfriend or any of that stuff. No one likes me I'm a loner and my favorite color is black. I have never stayed anywhere too long. I live with my mom and brother but he just ignores me he is what you would call a meathead jock. I better go for now bye.
{Hey guys~! How are y'all? Haha I just wanted to say I'm very sorry if I suck at grammars and this is my first story~ Yey haha okie enjoy!}
*beep beep*
Sigh...I woked up and get my glasses, I stand and looked at the mirror "Another day huh..." I said glarring at the mirror. I go to the shower and washed"Sis!! Breakfast is ready!!" My loud sister said
"I'll be there.." I shouted back as I wrapped a towel in my body and get some clothesI wore a black t- shirt, some jeans and a black and white converse"SIS!!!" she shouted "COMINGGG!!" I run downstairs and said good morning to my Mom and SisMy mom smiled while my sis sticked her tounge out"So what's the food?" I smiled "oh, Nuggets dear" mom said, I just ate a little "Sis...can I see that?" I asked my sister, she just shake her head..while I growl "ugh..I'm going" I glare at my sister and get my bag..."oh? Ok dear" i kissed mom in the cheeks "bye!" I waved while running
Sigh, I saw Louise walking in my direction "hey duds~!" I told her "hey doodie~" she told me, I just laughed..while walking with her"So what's up?" She asked "nothing much...boring life I guess"..she nodded .."well..were here..." I sighed and opened the door
I saw everyone....sigh.... "Hi Oni-Chan.." I went to Fred.."hey imotou~" he waved, I nodded "Hey Mel..look..there's Zen~" Louise winked at me and Fred chuckled
Ok... Fine..I'll admit it Zen is my crush but JUST A LITTLE
I blushed and just rolled my eyes "whatever.." I walked away "H-hey! Don't leave me!" Louise said while running..
Zen was looking at me while I walked away...he? Did he? Did he smiled?
{Hey guys!! Hope you liked it!! Dont worry..Ill make more tomorrow! Pls vote for DA story, bai! Lab u~ }
sometimes iwonderhow it wouldbe, to be a clockto go on forever, tonever stop.
surely the hands' joy die out, theirlife drains away from thepain of having to keep going. even when there'sno one around.
how people depend on the clockfoolish really, that's what they are.but what if it wants to stopit must be exhaustedfrom going on f o r e v e rone day the clock will stop people will need to carry on one day the clock will stopbecause it's tired of trying to stay afloat when it's clearly       drowning.
(First of all, yes, I know the cover picture is of Homura, for those people who care. For those people who don't care, that's probably because you don't watch Madoka Magica. My recommendation: Watch Madoka Magica.)


Naruto was getting beaten up, Sasuke was staring indifferently out the window, Sakura and the fangirls were the ones beating Naruto up, and the other boys were laughing their asses off.
How did Shadow get in this situation?
Well, she said she was bored. That's what really started the whole thing. Then, of course, Kura, never missing a chance to annoy her, suggested that Shadow go to Konoha. Homura agreed. So that's how she ended up there, in the Konoha Academy, where all Shadow was doing was fantasizing about killing Kura and Homura.
"Hey, Kotone-chan!" Naruto called from the front of the room.
'Fool. He actually believed that Kotone was my name?'
"Yes?" Shadow asked monotone.
"Why are you just staring at your desk?" Naruto demanded.
"Some things in life are just unexplained." Shadow replied, turning away.
Iruka entered the room. "Alright kids, listen up!"
No one 'listened up'. Iruka grew a tick mark.
"ALL OF YOU BRATS, SHUT UP!!!" Everyone stopped talking in sync and turned to look at him. Except for Shadow and Sasuke, because turning to look at a teacher is way too boring. Or something.
"As of today, you are all full-fledged shinobi." Iruka began. Shadow groaned and put her head on the desk. "But you are still genin, the lowest of the low..."
"BORING!" Everyone turned to look at Shadow, who was now sitting with her head resting on one hand. She didn't even look up at them.
"Did you say something, Kotone?" Iruka asked dangerously.
"Yeah, I did." She looked up. "We know this bullshit already. Or at least I do, and I'm not gonna sit around listening to this crap." She stood up and walked out the door.
IN THE HOKAGE TOWER
The Hokage chuckled. "She's got a temper, that's for sure."
"Who's that, Hokage-sama?" Kurenai asked.
"That's Akako Kotone. She arrived a couple days ago, saying that she wanted to be a genin."
BACK AT THE ACADEMY
Everyone sat in shock. No one had ever dared to curse at Iruka before.
Shadow poked her head back into the room. "By the way, if you get in my way... it'll probably be the last thing you ever do." She grinned sadistically and left. Everyone shivered.
"Alright, the teams." Iruka said shakily.
"Really? Teams?" Shadow asked from the back of the room.
"How'd you get there so fast?" Naruto demanded.
"I'm magic." Shadow said coolly.
"Okay, Team 1 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 2 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 3 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 4 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 5 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 6 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 7 is Uzumaki Naruto, Uchiha Sasuke, and Akako Kotone. Tea-"
"WHAT?" Naruto yelled. "Iruka-sensei, why the hell are you saddling such an excellent shinobi such as myself with THAT LOSER? And Kotone!"
"Yes, Naruto-kun?" Shadow asked sweetly, and Naruto decided to not say what he had in mind.
"Why do Kotone and I have to be with that slug?"
"Hn. Just don't drag me down, dobe." Sasuke muttered.
"WHAT'D YOU CALL ME?" Naruto shouted.
"Hard of hearing?" Sasuke taunted.
"Naruto, Sasuke had the second highest scores in the class. Kotone had the highest. And you, Naruto, you had the worst." The class laughed.
"Losers." Shadow muttered. Sasuke looked at her, the mysterious girl who outscored him on their tests. Who was she?
The answer: well, she was the Hesshoku, but they don't need to know that.
"EVERYONE SHUT UP!" Iruka yelled. "Team 8 will be Hyuuga Hinata, Inuzuka Kiba, and Aburame Shino. Team 9 is Haruno Sakura, (insert random name here), and (insert random name here)."
"WHAT?" Sakura yelled. "Iruka-sensei, I'm supposed to be with Sasuke-kun! Not these two losers!" She gestured to her two teammates.
"Tough luck." Shadow muttered. Sakura glared at her.
"Iruka-sensei, it's not fair that Kotone gets to be with Sasuke-kun." Ino complained. "Some of us have worked hard to get him to love us!"
"YOU KNOW WHAT?" Shadow roared, standing up. "I'M TIRED OF ALL YOUR CRAP! LIFE'S NOT FAIR! IT'S NOT FAIR FOR ME EITHER! DO YOU REALLY THINK I WANT TO BE TEAMED WITH THE HYPERACTIVE IDIOT AND THE EMO? WELL I DON'T! SO SHUT YOUR TRAPS AND SIT DOWN!"
Everyone sat down, quivering with fear.
Iruka coughed. "Okay, Team 10 is Nara Shikamaru, Yamanaka Ino, and Akimichi Choji."
"WHAT?" Ino yelled, but sat back down when Shadow looked at her.
"Good, we've got everyone, yes?" Iruka asked. "Well then, you're dismissed for lunch!"
Everyone rushed outside, yelling. Shadow followed them slowly.
"Hey Kotone?" Naruto asked. "I was wondering, if, y'know, now that we're on the same team, if you wanted to sit and have lunch together?"
Shadow looked at him coolly. Just as Naruto turned away, muttering Sorry,
"Okay." He looked at her, confused.
"I'll eat lunch with you." She explained. Naruto's face brightened up instantly.
"Really?"
Shadow shrugged. "I've nothing better to do."
***
"Kotone-chan, can I sit with you?" Naruto asked excitedly. Shadow turned her head away.
"I'd rather you didn't."
"But we've been waiting for hours!"
"I know."
"Hn. Losers."
Shadow stood up, slamming her palms onto the desk. "Alright, y'know what? I am so tired of all your antics! Sasuke, you need to understand that some people have had it a lot worse than you. Naruto has the Nine-Tailed Fox inside him, and he's been ostracized and beaten down by the village all his life. But look at him! Still smiling! Why can't you two just GET ALONG?"
They looked at her in shock. Sasuke turned to Naruto.
"I'm sorry... I didn't know."
"Same here." Naruto said, being oddly serious.
And that was the start of their friendship... only unfortunately Kakashi had to arrive at that time. Shadow growled and ordered shadows to wrap around Kakashi, in doing so accidentally letting out KI. All  three people still in the room looked at her in terror.
"I. Hate. WAITING!" Shadow yelled, as the shadows dug into Kakashi's skin. Blood began to trickle out.
"Umm... Calm down... Kotone-chan?" Naruto asked nervously.
"He deserves it." Shadow snarled, clenching her outstretched hand into a fist. Kakashi whimpered in pain as the shadows glowed red-hot.
"We had to wait too!" Sasuke said.
"Yeah, and at the moment I'm wondering how the hell you're not angry!"
"Calm down, Shadow!" Homura yelled from behind her. All eyes were on her as Shadow released her Shadow Jutsu and glared at her.
Homura sighed and looked at Shadow. "First of all, you need to loosen up. Coming to Konoha will do some good for you, I'm sure. And the villagers are happy... Kura invented Free Candy Day."
Shadow's face paled. "And where is she getting that candy?"
"She wouldn't tell me."
"That bitch... she's stealing from my candy stash."
"Well, that's it, I'm raiding your room... do you have Rolos?"
"Fuck yes- I mean no. Definitely not."
Homura grinned, revealing canine-like teeth. "Alright, I'll take your word for it..."
"Who the hell are you?" Naruto demanded.
"I'm Homura, bitch." Homura said lazily.
"Why did you call Kotone Shadow?" Sasuke asked monotone.
Homura looked at Sasuke. Then back to Shadow. Then back to Sasuke. Then back to Shadow. Then she burst out laughing.
"'Kotone'? You told them your name was Kotone?"
Shadow rolled her eyes. "Well, they wouldn't react very well to who I really am, ne?"
"Who are you?" Kakashi demanded, furious that he had been defeated so easily.
"The name's Shadow." Shadow said, rolling her eyes.
Kakashi gasped. "Sh-Shadow?"
"Who's Shadow?" Naruto asked cluelessly.
"Me, bitch." Shadow said.
"Don't you ever pay attention in class?" Sasuke asked at the same time. "Shadow's the Hesshoku, the leader of Ōkoku."
"What's Ooh-cookie?" Take a wild guess.
"Ōkoku." Homura corrected. "It's the name for the 8 most powerful villages in the Hidden Nations. Shadow brought them all together and formed the Alliance."
Naruto looked at Shadow with newfound fear and respect. "Wow..."
Shadow smirked. "Don't think it was easy, brat. I had to work hard to get to where I am, and if you want to be Hokage, you need to work hard as well."
Naruto nodded.
"Well, meet me on the roof." Kakashi said, disappearing in a puff of smoke.
Shadow growled and melted into shadows. Homura flashed a peace sign and disappeared. Sasuke and Naruto exchanged glances and trudged out the door.
***
"So, you're Shadow, huh?" Kakashi asked once Shadow appeared.
Shadow glared at him. "I don't like you."
"Well that's too bad. I'm your sensei." Kakashi chuckled.
"You forget. I am Hesshoku. I have no sensei." Shadow said coldly.
"Then how is it that you were assigned to my team?"
"Kura and Homura. They made me come here, but I am not afraid to kill you. Konoha wouldn't even dare to wage war."
Kakashi flinched, despite himself. She was scary.
"Shadow-chan!" Naruto yelled, rushing toward her. Shadow looked at him curiously. No one had ever knew her real identity and yet called her chan, besides Homura and Kura.
Kakashi coughed. "Alright team, why don't we introduce ourselves?"
"Team?" Shadow scoffed. "I doubt it."
"What's that supposed to mean, Shadow-chan?" Naruto asked.
"I'm Hesshoku. I don't need to be dragged down by any of you." She turned to face Naruto and Sasuke and smiled. "I'm sorry... I'll help you both reach your goals. But I refuse to be put on a team."
"Wait, Shadow-chan, it sound like you're leaving!" Naruto looked panicked. Shadow shook her head.
"Nope, I'm not leaving you two. I admit, you two brats have got some pretty interesting goals, and I always like to help people reach their goals. But I'm not staying on this team."
"Then who's going to be your replacement? Please no fangirls." Sasuke muttered.
"I don't know. Maybe I could talk to the Hokage about this..." Shadow smirked and disappeared.
*** A FEW DAYS LATER ***
There was still no word from Shadow. Naruto and Sasuke were getting along much better, and yet Kakashi was still torturing them with D-Ranks.
"Alright team! Except Kakashi!" Sasuke and Naruto looked in sync to see the familiar black-haired girl sitting in a tree. "I talked to the Hokage, and he agreed that I could remain on your team-"
"YAY!" Take a wild guess.
"-, and on the plus side, I don't have to do any of the D-Ranks!" Shadow gave a closed-eye smile.
"WAIT, WHAT? THAT'S SO NOT FAIR!" And again.
"I am Hesshoku, Naruto, it's only natural."
"You seem to enjoy rubbing this Hesshoku thing in our faces." Sasuke observed.
"Aww man, you caught me." Shadow grinned and jumped down from the tree. "I'll admit, Homura was right. I am having fun."
"That's so good to hear." Kakashi muttered sarcastically.
"Actually, Kakashi-sensei, we are glad to hear that." Sasuke said.
"Yeah! Shadow-chan's our friend!" Naruto defended her. Shadow smiled.
"So let's get started!"
"Huh?" Naruto asked.
"The sooner we get these D-Ranks done, the sooner we can move onto C-Ranks." Shadow explained. Naruto grinned.
"Yeah!"
"Hn." Take a guess (because I love the take a guess things).
They were done with all 30 required D-Ranks in record time.
"Alright Gramps, we've done all our D-Ranks!" Naruto said with a closed-eye smile.
"Wha- How? It normally takes weeks!" Iruka stammered.
"It's because I'm with them." Shadow stated coolly.
"Alright, then, I guess I have no choice but to give you a C-Rank. Send in the client." The Hokage sighed. A man stumbled in, holding a bottle of sake.
"Hey, what's this? Genin? Am I really supposed to trust that midget with the idiotic look on his face?"
Naruto laughed. "Hey, who's the midget with the idiotic look on his face..." We lined and and Naruto attacked the dude, realizing he was the shortest.
Shadow sighed and immobilized him with shadows. "Naruto... we can't protect the client if he's dead."
"Why would I want to protect him?" Naruto shouted. "He called me a midget!"
"I have ears, Naruto." Shadow said, sweatdropping. "I heard."
"Naruto." Sasuke began. "People have called you much worse. Why do you react now?"
Naruto paused, thinking. What a shocker.
"I dunno." He shrugged. Shadow let him go, stepping toward the door.
"Hold up." Kakashi called. "We'll meet at the entrance to the village in one hour. Don't be late."
"Oh, that's rich, coming from you." Shadow muttered, before disappearing into the shadows.
***
"Alright!" Naruto cheered. "I'm out of the village! I'm finally a traveler!"
Shadow patted him on the head fondly. "You're one step out of the village, Naru-kun. I don't think that qualifies as a traveler."
Naruto ran ahead. "How 'bout now?" He yelled back. Shadow laughed, then covered her mouth with the back of her hand in shock. She couldn't even remember the last time she had laughed. Smirked, definitely. All the time. Smile, once or twice. Grin, only around her friends. But laugh? What were these two boys doing to her?
"What's wrong?" Sasuke asked.
Shadow shook her head. "It's nothing, just... I can't remember the last time I've laughed. I don't think I've ever laughed, actually."
"I can't remember the last time I've laughed, either." Sasuke admitted. "Definitely not since the Uchiha Massacre."
Shadow stopped and looked at him.
"What?" He asked.
Shadow sighed. "Sasuke... there's something you need to know."
"What?" Sasuke asked, getting angry.
Shadow held her hand in the wolf seal and suddenly everything went black.
***
"Where are we?" Sasuke asked, looking around. They were in a field, dotted with flowers. Shadow sat down, crosslegged.
"My dimension." She said. "Sit down... we've got a lot to talk about."
"What do you mean?" Sasuke demanded, sitting down.
"Itachi is not at fault for his actions." Shadow replied coolly, anticipating Sasuke's reaction. Sure enough, he exploded.
"What do you mean, he's not at fault? He killed my clan!"
"It was a mission." Shadow explained. "Danzou ordered him to. So you see, the Uchiha clan were planning a coup. They wanted power, and they were tired of being accused of helping with the Kyuubi attack. So they decided to kill the Hokage and take over Konoha. You know that it didn't work, and that's only because of Itachi. He killed off the clan, but insisted that you not be harmed. Your brother loves you so much, Sasuke, and you just ignore that."
"You're lying." Sasuke said.
"It is impossible to lie in my dimension. Try it."
Sasuke tried to say 'I hate tomatoes', but it came out as "I love tomatoes."
"See?" Shadow asked.
"But- but it's your dimension, you probably made it so only you can lie!" Sasuke protested.
"Sasuke... You can ask the Hokage about it. He's trustworthy, no?" Shadow shook her head.
"But-"
"Don't you trust me? What do I have to gain by lying to you? Wouldn't it be so much easier to just let Itachi kill you? Then again, he wouldn't because he loves you so damn much!" Shadow yelled, standing up. Sasuke looked down.
"Sorry." He muttered.
"It's okay." Shadow said, smiling. "Do you believe me now?"
"Not completely. I'll ask the Hokage." Sasuke said.
"The let's go ask him! Not a second has passed in the outside world." Shadow said, releasing the dimension jutsu. They found themselves back just outside Konoha.
"Kakashi!" Shadow yelled. "Sasuke and I have to go ask the Hokage something. We'll catch up, okay?"
Kakashi's eye narrowed. "I'll come too."
"How about no, I said before I don't like you." Shadow said, walking away. Sasuke followed her.
***
"Old man Hokage!" Shadow burst through the door. "Sasuke has something he wants to ask you!"
"Was Itachi really ordered to kill the clan?" Sasuke asked.
The Hokage's panicked look was all the conformation Sasuke needed.
"So, Sasuke... do you believe me now?" Shadow asked, turning to Sasuke. He nodded, in shock.
"Who ordered him to do it?" Sasuke asked through clenched teeth.
The Hokage looked sad. "It was Danzou."
Sasuke looked murderous.
"Alright, Sasuke, I have an idea. Let's find Itachi and you and him can make up." Shadow suggested, not wanting to be responsible for any more deaths.
Sasuke took a deep breath and turned to her. "Sorry for not believing you." he said.
She smiled. "It's okay... now let's go catch up with Naru-kun and Kusoyaro-baka!"
Sasuke raised an eyebrow. "Kusoyaro?" He asked. Shadow nodded.
"I hate that guy!"
(A/N: Hi! So, yeah. I included my name here as the main protagonist. Sorry if it's a bit crappy 'cause I'm not good at writing romance. I just dreamt of the theme of this story. I want to get the idea out of my brain. Enjoy! ♥♥♥)..................................................................
The principal walks to a black-haired girl with red highlights and says:
"Welcome to the University of Memphis, Miss Rica!"-scene cuts-
Rica is seen looking at the names of the students and teachers. A guy accidentally bumped on her.
"Oof!"
"Oops. Sorry, Miss." said the guy while helping her up.
Rica blushed. His hands were soft and warm.
"See you around." he winked and then left.
-scene fades to white-
It was the first day of class. Rica looked around and saw the same guy before.
"Oh my gosh! You're my...."
-scene cuts-
A blonde-haired girl bumped on Rica. She frowned at her and slapped her.
"JOHN'S MINE, YOU UGLY FAT LITTLE MAGGOT!" she yelled.
John came to the commotion and tried to pry the girl away from Rica.-scene cuts-
Rica is seen cutting while holding John's picture to her chest. (A/N: C'mon, Rica! You're better than this! Crying over a guy?!)
John rushes inside the bathroom to find Rica surrounded by her own pool of blood.
"Oh my...! Rica!!!"
A few hours later and Rica is resting on John's lap. Without a warning, she lifts up her head and kisses John.
-scene cuts with drum beat-
Rica returns to John's house and saw the girl from before kissing John. She stumbled back and gasped. John got away from the girl and ran towards Rica. Rica shakes her head in disbelief and left.
"Rica, wait! Come back!"
"Oh, c'mon, John! You know she's younger than you!" the girl pointed out.
-scene turns to black-A man is heard talking in the background.
"No! I want Ko-"
BANG!
"Jen! No!!!"..........................................................................
(A/N: First chapter will air on April 15. Stay, tune! Bye-bye!)
We're at a gas station and Mom goes in to pay. She comes back with a big smile on her face.
"Oh my gosh. You need to go in the store," she says.
"What?" I ask, confused.
She fishes through her purse and hands me some money. "Here's five dollars, buy a pack of gum or something. I don't care. You need to check out the cashier."
Looking at my sweatshirt and sweatpants, I reluctantly say, "okay."
I understood why she wanted me to go in, the cashier was extremely good looking.
The next day she says, "so I spoke to that cashier."
I look at her with wide eyes. "The hot one at the gas station?"
"Yea, I asked him how old he was," she says as though it is simply casual conversation.
"Mom, you can't do that!" I exclaim.
"Why not? I'm a mom, it's not weird." She shrugs. "He said he was 18 and that he went to the high school across town."
"Oh, you found out what high school he went to, too." I lift my arms and sigh. "You get his Social Security Number while you're at it?"
"No, but I asked if he was single."
A/N
To all of those that read Weird Things and voted: thank you so much for your support. You're amazing and awesome. I know that I say that a lot, but its the pure truth.
Hope you enjoy this book.
Its a werewolf book! ;)
Happy reading! :)
****************
Gabriela'sPOV
*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*
I groan and hide myself under my pillow trying to shield my ears and get away from the HORRIFIC noise. I was dreaming that I was in Mac Donald's with Taylor Lautner as Jacob from Twilight and he was about to kiss me! I mean, why does every time that I'm having a good dream, something or someonealways interrupts me when the best part is about to come?! I freaking hate that!
*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*
My alarm keeps going and I finally give up. I sit up and slam the off button and finally get rid of the noise. I swear that those things are made to torture people instead of helping us. I'm seriously considering grabbing that torture device, throw it hard against a wall, smash it with a hammer, burn it and finally give it to Steven to blow it up.
Steven is my neighbor and he's a nerd, like a Star Wars nerd and he's my best friend. I know that its one of the classics and one of the most successful movies ever, but c'mon! No matter how much you furrow your eyebrows or how cool the position you're standing in is, the flashlight won't magically levitate towards your hand. I've known him for five years and I'm still trying to get it through that thick head of his, but I still love him though. He's like the brother I never had.
Today is May 29th, that means that I have seven months left until the Infinity Night. The Infinity Night is this event that's celebrated every year where every singleperson between the ages of 18 and 39 go to this mansion to "socialize". After that, is very rare that any of those persons return, unless they come back with someone. I think that its some kind of dating program...
Dad and I live in this community very deep in the woods that could easily be mistake as a small town since we have everything in here like a police station, cinema, a mall and so on. We're descendants of native americans, that's why we're living in this secluded community instead of in a regular neighborhood. At least I got him to let me attend to a regular school where there's a variety of different cultures.
I glances at the alarm clock and it read 6:43am and I have to be at my work at 8:30am. If you were wondering, I work as a secretary for the Wolf Company. They own most of the filming sets in LA and I work in the set A2 which is one of the most rented. My dad was skeptical at first since its so far away from home, but he relaxed a little when he found out that my cousin Frank worked there as well, but as a security guard.
"Ow!!!" I cried in pain as my right feet bumped against the corner of my bedsidetable. I started jumping like a fool on my left leg while picking out my clothes.
"Pink, pink, pink, pink...oh there it is!" I muttered looking for my light pink bra. Itsy first day and my first job, so I can't be late. I hurried to my bathroom with my clothes in hand and took a shower. Once I was fully clothed, I decided to fix my hair into a bun since today was very hot. I'm wearing a light pink button up shirt, black skirt that reaches above my knees and goes all the way up to my waist hugging my curvy figure. Instead of higheels, I'm wearing black flat pumps that have a little pink bow at the top matching my attire. I chose to wear black simple earrings, my five gold and silver rings and my watch. I like rings okay? Don't judge me. Everybody has weird likings. Okay. Now that sounded stupid...
"Dad! I made coffee!" I announced from the kitchen while sipping on my homamade frapuccino. Starbucks is too expensive, so I learned how to make a few types of coffees thanks to YouTube.
"Okay!" He replied and then I heard the sound of a door being closed shut. I guess that he's showering now...
After I drank my frapuccino, I brushed my teeth, sprayed a little bit of Splash from Victoria Secret, putted on deodorant and did my makeup which consisted on a thin layer of eyeliner, mascara and cherry lip balm. Just as I was opening the door, my dad called out for me.
"Gaby!"
"Yeah?" I asked him confused and he pulled me for a bone crashing hug.
"Daddy. Can't. Breathe." I managed to say. I literally couldn't breathe. This man is way too strong. Finally he let me go, but kept me in place at arms length.
"Sorry baby. I just want you to be careful. I already spoke with Frank and he's going to keep an eye on you. If anything happens, you call him and me and we'll take care of it. Understood?"
"Yeah....I have to go now dad or I'll be late." I mumbled and he sighed.
"Okay. Go now before I lock you in your room." He told me and I giggled. He's so overprotective, but I don't blame him. I'm all he has apart from my uncles and cousins which are all males. You see, I was born dead. My mother didn't took it well and asked for everybody to leave her alone with me in the hospital room. Two hours later I was alive and she was dead. The doctors said that she suffered a heart attack due to the grief and stress. Dad doesn't talk about it, so I had to ask my birth doctor. I don't even know how she looks since dad burned all her pictures and belongings.
I hurried to my black 2010 Camaro and drove off. No, I'm not a spoiled daddy's rich girl. I bought this car myself at a pawn shop for $1,075. At first it was just junk metal, but the engine was intact so with the help of my dad, uncles and cousins, we fixed it-well, they fixed it. They barely let me help since one day I was cleaning a few of the pieces that go around the engine at the garage. The engine was hanging above my head and with the blow of the wind the chain broke and it almost killed me if it weren't for uncle Brad that tackled me out of the way. At least I got to help paint it...
It took me 45 minutes, but I finally made it. I'm now sitting on my desk taking calls, fixing appointments and passing files to the computer. Its a lot for the first day, bit I have to suck it up and do my best. After all, they pay me extremely well, around $2,500 a month.
"Um...excuse me miss?" A deep voice interrupted me from my work. I sighed and looked up at the guy with a small smile.
"Yes? In what can I help you sir?" I asked the guy with blue eyes, tan skin and short spikey dirty blonde hair.
"Will you mind telling me where room 13 is? Is the first time I've come here and I'm completely lost." He asked with a worried look. I smiled knowingly at him and stood up.
"Sure. Follow me please." I instructed him.
"Thank you madam. You just saved me from a lecture from my manager." He thanked me. Hmmm. He has a weird accent. Kind of like Irish mixed with British. For some people is hard to tell, but I watch a lot of British films, so o know the difference.
"Manager? Are you a singer?" I asked him.
"Yeah. I'm in a band, but this is our last year." He told me with a frown.
"What happened?" I dared to ask him.
"Um...one if our members quit the band to go live with his m-girlfriend, so that led to a lot of chaos and the termination of our contract with the company."
"Oh wow! I'm so sorry."
"Its okay. Don't be. We're happy for him. He has need waitingbfor a girl like that for a long time now. I would've done the same if I were in his shoes." He gave me a reassuring smile. Once I spotted the door, I stopped.
"Good to know. I wish you, your band and him the best of luck. Hope everything goes well. Anyway, here's room 13." I point at the door at my right ride and he nods.
"Thank you. What's your name if I may ask?"
"Gabriela and you?"
"Nathaniel, but everybody calls me Nate." He replied with a wide smile.
"Okay. Nice meeting you Nate!" I told him and turned around to head back to my desk.
"You too Gaby!" He called out and I turned around and waved at him to which he waved back.
*************************
Picture: That's Nate or Nathaniel ;)
Ariana's POV
"I'm so fucking excited for this party" I said to my brother Frankie as we were getting ready
"Me too I'm gonna be so drunk" he laughed
My brother lives here in LA and up until now I lived back in Boca Raton with my mom and my grandparents but I got bored and thought it was time for something new so i moved in with my brother it's all different I'm gonna be making new friends at a new school but it should be good I'm an easy person to get along with unless you're a bitch
A/N- I know sadly Grandpa Grande isn't with us anymore but in this story he is, rip
My brother was taking me to a party where a lot of people from my school would be he's so crazy and he doesn't care what I do as long as it's not drugs.
"You ready Ari?" he asked
"Yep" I replied popping the p
I was wearing a tight black dress which went down to my knees with some black heels and my hair down and straight
"Yass my sister looks HAWT!" Frankie whistled
"Shut up" I laughed
We got into Frankie's car and drove to the party it was at some guys house he only lived a couple blocks from us but Frankie liked to show off his new car
As soon as we got there Frankie left me I wasn't nervous but it was kinda awkward to walk into a party as the new girl alone
Justin's POV
The party was already jumping everyone was dancing and drinking and people were making out everywhere
"Seen any fuckable girls yet JB?" my friend Cam said over the music
"Not really I've fucked nearly all of them" I laughed
I wasn't lying either most of the girls at the school were sluts who threw themselves at any boy including me
I was looking around the room and then she walked in. It was a girl I didn't recognise but she was so fucking sexy she was wearing a tight black dress which defined her ass I didn't know who she was but I was going to find out.
"Hey" I said walking over to her
"Oh hey" she said smiling
"I don't recognise you" I said slightly questioning myself
"I'm not from here" she replied
"well do you want a drink"
"yes thanks"
I went over to get her a drink I really wanted to fuck her she was hot- unbelievably hot and Jerry was getting excited already
"Here you go" I smiled
Ariana's POV
As the night went on me and "the boy" we're talking and laughing a lot and drinking lots and I was definitely drunk
"I'm so drunk" I slurred laughing
"Me too" he said over the music
I looked at his lips then back at him then back down to his lips and kissed him I wasn't even thinking straight but he kissed back immediately placing his hands on my waist and moving them down to my butt squeezing it causing me to moan in pleasure he brushed his tongue across my bottom lip begging for entrance which I accepted the kiss was becoming more and more heated as I ran my hands through his hair. He began moving his lips onto my neck planting soft kisses all the way down until he found my soft spot sucking on it causing me to moan once again.
As he pulled away from my neck he looked at me and I knew what he wanted I nodded letting him know it was ok. We weaved through the crowds and eventually got to a bedroom he opened the door.
"Jump" he said
I did as he said and jumped wrapping my legs around his waist as he laid me down on the bed, he crawled on top of me and carried on kissing, pulling up my dress and beginning to plant kisses along my thighs the feel of his lips and hands all over my body felt good
Justin's POV
Her moans we're making me feel so good knowing I was pleasuring her, she flipped over so she was now on top of me she began kissing along my arms and up to my neck then along my jawline I knew where this was going and I was happy
"Do y-you wanna?" I asked between breaths
"Yeah, you got a condom?" she asked
Fuck. I didn't have a condom
"um..I don't think so" I knew this wouldn't end well
"oh fuck it I don't care" she said as she moved her hands around my body
I smirked before flipping myself on top of her and pulled her dress over her head she did the same to me, as I felt her begin to unbuckle my pants, she moved down placing her hand on my manhood and she began pumping.
"Fuck" I moaned
Soon I felt her mouth around me and it felt good she began sucking going faster every second, as soon as she pulled away I immediately pulled her face to mine and kissed her roughly, pushing her up against the wall my hands pinning hers down, our bodies pressed together
"Kinky one you are" she laughed as I kissed her neck.
She pushed me over to the bed before I flipped myself over so I was on top of her, i placed kisses all along her chest, unclipped her bra and threw it onto the floor again placing kisses along her breasts, sucking causing her to moan
"O-oh m-my god" she moaned
"I want you so bad" I moaned out
"I'm waiting" she winked
I spread her legs open before lining myself up to enter her, I looked at her once more making sure she wanted me too and she nodded as I slammed into, I felt her tighten around me, I could tell by her face she was enjoying it, she gripped the sheets as I pushed into her over and over
"F-faster" she screamed
I did as she asked and got faster and faster
"baby you're so wet" I moaned
I was beginning to get tired and she could tell as she flipped ontopof me and began bouncing on my dick, no one had ever done this to me before and it felt so good. She moved her hipsin sync with mine, grinding slowly beginning to pick up her phase as I kissed her
"You're so good" I moaned, which she smirked at
I was nearly at my climax and I flipped onto her one more time, thrusting inside of her causing her to scream, she arched her back as I felt her nails dig into my back, after a few more thrusts we both reached our climax and I collapsed to the side of her, the sound of our heavy breathing only to be heard
"T-that was so f-fucking good" I gulped between breaths
"Yeah, I-it was" she replied
All you could hear was our panting
"Round two?" she asked
I liked this girl
"Fuck yeah, what's your name though?"
"Ariana, yours?" she replied
"Justin"
"Well Justin, let's go again" she winked
Mjs makeup girl part 1! Listen to he music given to enjoy the story more!And the music she was hearing is the song {up there}.

Aurthor:Shanaa woke up to Deena listening to a song, shanaa never heard a voice so beautiful a voice so strong and amazing....
She listend to the music she realized it was thursday and instantly looked at the time.

She jumped up out of her bed and got in the shower.
When she was done she walked in her room with a towl around her she went to fix hair , she then combed it and dried it finally she straighten it.

She flew to her closet and put on a red long sleeve silk shirt then she put on dark jeans and red and black Flats. When she did a mirror check she looked and said

"Lookin good..."
She said while pulling her phone out her purse.when she grabed her phone she looked at the time and said

"wow an hour early , I can run and get breakfast!" When she said bye to Deena she walked out of the house to her car and drove off.

NOW as the author| narrator let me tell you whats happening about now. B A few months ago shanaa applied to a job wear she did someones make up ( by "Someone"
I mean a famous singer;) ). And she got the job!! When she arrived to the location the entrance said 'Neverland' Shanaa was very very suprised as it buzzed and a manask for her name.

"Um.... my name us shanaa davis, im supposes to be working here according to the location." Then the gates opens 1.05 seconds later.
As shanaa drove throgh she then saw the zoo, amusement park, rises and was in awe, and 4 large men welcolmed her as she parked and got out of her car.
And smiled at the man and went to her trunk to get the latest make sets from ever single state country city ect.


Then as she was attempting the 100 pound sets out the body guards so her struggle and went to help her she smiled and said "Thank you uhh-" "Bill and wayne thats boss man of the guards then its Mich-"
Bill said and wayne cut him off and looked at him like he was saying something that shanaas face to read.
So with that she walked in and instantly
froze when she saw a slim tall man light skinned and curly hair shoilder length and as she went down he was wearing a shirt with a white V neck and black high waterswhite socks with black shoes. She might have a crush


He also did the same and smiled at the sight of her and the makeup stuff she brought. Shanaa thought to her self How she has never seen a man so beautiful.
He went closer to her and she did the same they were about 19 incheas away before he put out his hand and said " Im michael, Michael JACKSON and you are?" He said


witha grin shanaa was wondering why he said it like she knew him but she smiled and said " Nice to Meet you Michael, I am Shanaa Davis." Michael stood there thinking does she know who I am? So she then asked.
" Im suppose to be working here for someone to there makeup and would you know whi that person is?" She asked honestly. Michael then said "What if I told you I am that person?"
He said with an unread smirk.

Michaels P.O.V: This women is absolutely Gorgeouse, stunning,Beautiful, the way her long hair flows, that red silk long sleeve and those jeans hunging her carves in all the right places.
She then said

"Well i would say you have perfect frame and I already know what tones to use on your face so his should be easy." Wow I thought
"Please sit down." I said in a nervouse  voice but thank god ahe didnt notice. As we began to talk money and everything I told her she WILL have to tour with me stay with me, she sighned the contract, and I still explained her things ect.
She seemed amused with the idea when I explanned and told her who I really was to other people. "Well, today was just a 'get to know ya kind of thing'." I said with a cheeky smile. She nodded and I walked her to the door and saw her get in her car and drive away.
To be Continued.... Hope you enjoyed part 1 as much As i did creating it! And the very first P.O.V is Michaels! Comment,Vote, and Share!

~ShanaaLovesMJJ

This is a new story of mine :)
I hope you enjoy it.
~
It'd been a decade.
Ten years, ten years of living in complete fear.
Ten years since it had started.
I hated living like this, having to avoid going to the places I'd previously loved, and visited on a regular basis. But there was no stopping it.
The awful disease that had killed almost five million people in the first year it'd broke out. The number of deaths were rising every day, and there was no stopping the pandemic, it had taken over our lives, there were barely any survivors. Humankind was practically on the brink of extinction.
Before we knew it, it'd gotten out of control, it'd spread everywhere. Not just England, but everywhere.
The whole world had been infected.
Nowhere was safe, we had to wear special clothing and gloves whenever we went out, and masks. Which, by the way, were extremely hot and annoying in summer.
We could only go out if it was necessary, my little sister and I hadn't been to school for years. I wasn't even allowed to talk to my best friend.
I turned on the radio, and the latest report came through. I'd grown used to the robotic sound of the reporter - the reporter wasn't a human, it was a robot that was very, very intelligent. No person would dare go near another person, not even if they got paid a million pounds. They wouldn't risk their life. Because of this, all the TV stations had been shut down, and the only thing where we'd get the latest news was through the robot that did the latest reports on the radio.
"In the past week, there have been ninety six thousand, one hundred and fifty three deaths. Scientists have not yet come up with a cure that works, but they are working very hard at finding a cure."
I sighed, it was a wonder I was still alive. The disease was extremely contagious, and considering we couldn't go out a lot, I was the one who would go to the small market to buy some food, and I'd walk around while I was there, looking around the town I used to feel safe in.
The streets weren't ever busy, because most people in our city had been infected. Our city was where it had all started.
Flashback~
"Hurry up, Kayleigh!" My friend, Lottie, called to me.
"Coming!" I giggled, running up to her. We'd just finished school, and Lottie had invited me to tea at her house.
After we had tea, I had to go home, I walked inside my house, and as soon as I stepped through the door, my mum told me to wash my hands. She normally did that, so I didn't think anything of it until later that night I heard my mum talking to my dad, quietly. I had wanted to get a drink, so I'd went to ask mum for one, but I froze when I got to the door.
"There's been an outbreak," She told him.
"It won't be serious, give it a few days and it'll be under control," He told her.
"Ten people have died, already." She sighed. I opened the door a little to see my mum worriedly running her fingers through her hair.
"Exactly, there are sixty four million people in the United Kingdom, they'll get it under control." My dad shrugged.
But the next day, the News announced there had been thirteen thousand, six hundred and ninety eight people infected already. I was really scared, my little sister, Lexi, was too little to understand what was happening. She was three. I was seven.
"Mummy, what's happening?" I asked her, she sighed.
"There has been a really dangerous illness that is putting people in a very deep sleep, and no one can stop it yet, but don't worry, they will stop the dangerous illness." My mum explained to me.
"Will the illness make me go to sleep?" I asked, my mum shook her head.
"No, darling. But for the time being, you can't go to school, or go out the house. Just for a bit, is that okay?" She asked, I nodded, slowly. Though I wasn't sure I was okay with that. What about all my friends?
"But what about Hollie and Lottie and Sasha? Are they okay?" I asked.
"I'm sure they're fine," My mum reassured me. But there was no way of knowing for sure.
"What about going out to get food and drinks?" I asked. Confused. If nobody could go outside, then how could people get food? Clothing? Shoes? Drinks? The list went on.
"I'll do that, don't worry." My mum told me, tiredly.
"Will the illness make you go to sleep, mummy?" I questioned.
"Not if I'm very careful,"
"I don't want you to go to sleep mummy, I love you."
"I love you too," She told me. Hugging me close.
Flashback End~
I sighed, my dad had died a few months after the outbreak had happened.
I looked in our cupboards for any food, there was hardly any. I'd have to go out to get some food, so I got myself ready, putting on my boots and long coat, and wearing my mask. I put on my gloves, and grabbed two twenty pound notes. Forty quid. With forty pounds I could buy enough food and water that would last at least two weeks.
I walked out, just as snow started to fall onto the ground. In winter, I was glad for my clothing, as it didn't only protect me, but it kept me warm. Although it was a royal pain in summer time.
On my way to the market, I bumped into someone.
"Sorry," I mumbled. The person apologized too, and I carried on walking to the small market. Something about that person was strangely familiar, although I couldn't put my finger on what was familiar about the person. Their voice sounded like a boys voice, although I didn't know who. After all, I hadn't had contact with anyone for ten years.
As I walked more into the street, I pondered more about him. I eventually got to the market.
I bought the stuff I needed, food, drinks, toothpaste, soap, shampoo, etcetera. I handed over my money, and the stall holder carefully put all my stuff into bags. I thanked her when she handed them over, and made my way back home.
"Mum, Lexi, I'm back," I announced, once I was home. Lexi ran out, looking scared, panicked. Fearful.
"Help, Kayleigh!" Lexi cried, I looked at her, confused.
"Mum doesn't feel well!" She cried, I stared at her, she couldn't mean she was ill with it? She couldn't be.
"What?" I asked, scared. I tried convincing myself that mum wasn't really ill - how? Why? She never went outside! She couldn't have gotten sick! The only humans she'd been in contact with were Lexi and I. And if we'd given her the disease, how come we hadn't gotten it ourselves? We couldn't have given it her.
"She's coughing, coughing up blood!" Lexi told me, my eyes widened. Fear rising inside of me.
"No! Mum!" I shouted.
"Don't go in! It's contagious!" Lexi cried, I shook my head, and ran into my mums room. Stupid move, I know.
"Kayleigh," My mum whispered weakly. I stared at her.
"Don't die!" I yelled, she coughed weakly, coughing up blood. How could that have happened so quickly? My mum had gone from healthy to infected in such a short period of time. It was terrible. It was terrifying. I hadn't been there when my dad had died - he was out, but before he had went out, he had a terrible sore throat and he kept having coughing attacks. However, my mum hadn't shown any of those symptoms.
My mum looked so delicate, so fragile, lying there, on her bed. She had a coughing attack, choking up dark red blood. I stared at her, horrified. She couldn't die.
"You can't die!" I told her, she managed to talk to me, somehow.
"Kayleigh... look after Lexi, please... Your seventeen now, today, right?" She managed to find breath to talk to me. I realized that, indeed, I was seventeen on that day. I'd been so busy, so scared, to even realize it.
"Your such a big girl, now..." My mum whispered. Smiling slightly.
"Don't talk, you can't. Don't strain yourself!" I told her, shaking my head. I was scared. It was obvious she was having trouble breathing.
She coughed up more blood, quite a lot of it, and I heard her breathing slow down, until it stopped completely. I stared at her, I didn't know what to do. It'd all happened so quickly. None of it was wanted, I wished the disease never broke out. Tears threatened to fall from my eyes.
"Mum, don't leave me..." I whispered my voice was wobbling. My vision was misting over from tears. I blinked furiously, wiping my eyes with my sleeve.
I walked out of the room, completely shocked, scared, sad. Lexi looked at me. Fear evident in her eyes.
"She's... She's gone, isn't she?" Lexi whispered, I nodded, slowly. I didn't want to believe it, though. I didn't want to believe the cold, hard truth. Lexi started trembling.
"No!" She shouted, I looked down. Perhaps, perhaps if I hadn't gone out for food, I could've saved her. I could've at least spent more time with her. I felt as if it was all my fault.
I felt tears well up in my eyes, resurfacing. I went into my room, sitting on my bed. I was so sad, I needed some time alone. I allowed the tears to fall, lying back on my bed.
I felt guilty, it was all my fault mum had died. If I hadn't gone out, maybe I'd have been able to help her.
I wasn't an expert, of course I wasn't, but I knew this was spiralling out of control. This whole illness... It had already started spiralling out of control. It had spiralled out of control the first day it attacked humanity.
I had to put a stop to it.
I didn't know how, but I just had to. I sighed. I was used to being independent, I knew I had to. For the sake of everyone, but right at that moment, I wanted nothing more than to go back in time. To when I was so helpless, I wanted my mum to hug me tell me everything would be okay. I didn't want to be the responsible one. I wanted my mum to look after me, I wanted an older sister to care for me like I'd cared for Lexi.
I wanted to go back to being my innocent, helpless self, back before any trouble started.
When I still believed in wishes on shooting stars, when I could laugh with my friends carelessly.
Now I didn't even know if my friends were dead...
If they were alive, out there, somewhere... I knew I had to find a cure, for their sake. For Lexi's sake. For humanity's sake. Because it felt like even scientists had given up hope.
The only question was:
How?
~~
The end of chapter one.
I hope you enjoyed :D
Please comment your opinions :) and if you enjoyed, perhaps vote and share? It would mean so much! :D
Hi my name is Rebecca Gomez, but you can call me Becky. I'm 17 and I live in Texas, but I have to move to Miami because my mom and dad got a better job that pays a lot of money. I didn't want to move because I will have to leave my friends and make new ones. It is hard for me to make new friends. My mom has not got a house yet so my mom, dad, sister, and I have to share a house with Michelle Mahone. My mom says she has a son Austin and he is my age. My mom says he is cute and we will have to go to the same school together.
"Guys this is stupid!" I say as we walk down the sidewalk
"Oh shut up I want Fro yo!" Danny yells pulling me with him.
"It's 2:30. In the afternoon and it's hot. Oh god fine, this isn't stupid come on before we get caught!" I say pushing my Aztec style ray-bans on my nose and sorting out the SnapBack on top of my brown and blue hair.
We walk into The Fro Yo shop, grab our Own, pay and sit down in the corner of the shop at the back away from everyone and away from the window.
You see, being in a famous band, even more famous than one direction, you don't get much privacy out and about. Also it doesn't help when your only 19 and your trying to your life to the limit. In the band you've got me Malina-Rose, 19 and the lead singer and Sometimes I play guitar and Piano. Then the second youngest Kaspar, 20 and Guitar and vocals. Then Danny at the age of 20 who plays Bass and Guitar. The last but not least Jesse, the oldest at 21 who's the drummer. Oh by the way, were Nameless Summer.
"Right so it's Monday, what are we doing for the rest of the week?" Danny asks us taking a spoonful of his plain yogurt with gummy Bears and sour patch kids on top.
"We have nothing on today. Tomorrow we have a surprise apparently, Wednesday we have a photo shoot, Thursday free day, then Friday sound check and concerts. Same with Saturday, Sunday free day until the top 40 interview in the afternoon. " Jesse explains reading off his phone.
"Do you know what the surprise is?" Danny asks him, after he's finished his Fro yo.
"Right how did you finish that in less than 3 minutes!!" I complain to him.
"It's a talent"
"No it's called being a piggy"
"Your being mean to me!"
"Oh stop whining you big baby"
"I love you"p
"Love you too Wombat"
I always say I love you to the guys as there like my family.
When I was 11, my dad died. When I was 12, my mum got re-married to a son of a bitch. When I was 13, me and the boys to move to a care home. When I was 14 I met the boys, 15 started the band, 16 we were discovered at the local bar playing. Then we were signed to Island records. At 18 I became the legal guardian to 3 boys and had just graduated high school, started thinking about Uni and moved into a house with the band and my brothers. And here I am now. Just picking my 3 brothers up from school. The youngest is Jayden aka JJ, he's 6. Then We have Lucas aka Luke, he's 15. And then Jason aka Jase who's 17 and just got accepted into UCLA majoring in Teaching and English.
"Get in losers were going shopping!" I yell at the boys as they say hey and hop in the back and front. I then start driving to Walmart to get food.
"Did you just quite Mean Girls?" Luke laughs at me
"Clever boy young one" I reply
" so what's Ya schedule for the week?" Jase asks
"Surprise tomorrow, Wednesday photoshoot, Thursday free day, FRIDAY sound check and concert, same Saturday and Sunday free day then interview in the evening." I reply as we park up and get out. I put on my sunglasses and hold JJ's hand as we walk inside.
"So what are you planning on doing on Thursday" Jase asks once again, I let Luke go off and look at the game and book section, while Jase, Jj and I go off and get the groceries.
" I was going to see if I could take you boys to a theme park or somthing, unless you want to stay in school" I explain grabbing some lucky charms off the shelve.
"I say hell yeah," Jase says "Let me go off and tell Luke" he walks off to find his younger brother.
"Yes please sis" JJ replys as we carry on.
The schools understand that because I'm in a huge band and I'm hardly home, I'm aloud to take the boys out of school whenever I have free days and there at school.
After I give the boys there dinner and Danny, Kasper and Jesse sit int he garden talking with there beer. I head up to bed wondering what the surprise is and whoever I will like it or not.
Little did I know that it would change my life that little surprise.
His lips were like heaven
And they reminded me of cream frosting
Ahhh new story and it's not jack gilinsky1! 1!Good job Andrea
A/n thank you for even considering to read this it means a lot 💕 leave requests and I will make them come true ✨~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Levi: ok listen up brats, we have a new member of the 104th trainees squad. her name is (y/n)(l/n)..
Everyone looked at you as you blush but they all have welcomed faces as you look around the mess hall.
Levi:so (l/n).. Go sit with all of the other brats and eat I'm sure you hungry
As you go to sit down you notice that everyone wants you to sit beside them in the end you sit beside Jean and Armin. you all talk for a while but Connie ruined the moment by saying...
Connie: so (y/n).. why did u decide to join the 104th trainees squad anyway?
When you hear Connie say that your heart stops.
You:when my home town shiganshina was invaded by Titans my mum was killed and I saw her be devoured by a Titan and then I knew that I had to get my revenge and kill them all every last one!
One you had finished talking you noticed Eren looking at you with his mouth open.
You:uhh.. sorry please excuse me.
You said as you run away crying. you don't know where anything is so you sit outside under a big tree peacefully until you hear footsteps and your name being called. you can't make out who it is until you can see him.
You: eren?....~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thanks for reading and there will be a part 2 if you want thanks again ~ Sophie ✨
-Hi ppl plz write the paring and thanks, and I'm also skipping the Kyuubi attack because we all know what happens if u don't then u should watch it.-😇 hope u enjoy‼️🙏🏻
No ones P.O.V
It was a warm and cosy night and everyone was home asleep. Well not everyone. "Get back here you demon!" Came from a huge crowd. While a 2 year old Naruto was running as fast as his little legs can carry him, but when he turned right the ally was blocked. 'What the...... But ...... This use to be opened what happened?' "We got you now you demon. You are going to pay for what you have done." Said a obese man carrying a wooden stick. Naruto started to tremble "Please Leave me alone! I don't know what your talking about! And I'm not a demon!" He yelled. "You little peace on Sh*t who the f**k said you can f**kin talk you son of a b***h!" Yelled the same man who was carrying the wooden stick. Then people started to yell and beating him up, and cutting him, while Naruto was screaming bloody murder. 'Dog-nii where are you?!'
..............................somewhere else on the roof tops...........................
???? P.O.V
As I quickly try to get to the Hokage tower I stopped immediately when I herd Naruto screaming bloody murder and my blood stopped and turned to were Naruto was and started to run faster then I could ever imagine. My blood turned cold at what I see a ninja one of my own just slit throat and then my mind went blank the next thing I know he was dead and the other people was trapped by the mud walls I put up. "Cat, weasel, and snake! Watch over them and do not I repeat DO NOT let them escape if I find out one of them escapes then there will be hell to pay DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!" I yelled "Yes captain!" They yelled back, and with that I went and picked up Naruto and quickly ran to the Hospital and again I had to threaten them again and they quickly left with him while I was waiting the third Hokage came rushing over to me and I quickly stood up and bowed. "Report Inu." He said. "My team and I are on our way to report to you, but we stopped immediately stopped when we herd Uzumaki-San screaming, and when we got to him a fella shinobi just slit his throat I killed him immediately and trapped the others with mud wall and this time no one escape and hopefully my team didn't let anyone escape while I was bringing Uzumaki-San."
The Hokages face became dark.
"Good job Inu. I'll deal with them later."
"Hai Hokage sama." I said.
Which that Hokage sama sat down and I stand beside him and waited.
....................................................With Naruto..................................................
Naruto P.O.V
-Drip drop, drip drop- I groaned 'where am I? Am I dead.'
Slowly I opened my eyes and I see I'm in the sewers 'Really? The sewers great.' I slowly got up and started to walk aimlessly until I heard people talking. "well Kyuubi deal or no deal?" said a voice as I slowly walk toward the voices 'You got yourself a deal.' I heard the second voice which was much deeper then the first one. When I got close enough I see a Blond haired guy that also looks a lot like the 4th Hokage. "Well, look who's here. Naruto it's nice to see you again how are you?" Ask the 4ths copy "........Who are you?" I ask quietly, but before he could answer the second voice said 'Before he answers that you should tell him who you are and kit you should tell him what the villagers have done to you.' Said a guy who has long red hair and six whiskers on his face just like mine but his was thicker and longer, and he was wearing a short sleeve turtle neck blood red shirt and black shorts, and shinobi pants (Like sasuke shirt but blood red and also the pants but black).
Nobody's P.O.V
So with they started to talk at first Naruto was upset that he was chosen to be the one to keep the Kyuubi inside of him but he got over it and he also found out who his parents were and was really surprised that the person with Blond hair was really the fourth also his father. That when he understood why he was chosen to be the Kyuubi's container. To say Minato was pissed was an understatement he was way passed pissed when he found out how the villagers treated his son. When they were done talking Minato said to Naruto that Kyuubi will be his older brother, and he will be taking care of Naruto, also so that he could watch over him and to Naruto's surprise his whiskers will also disappear when he is release....... Well not really Kyubbi is still trapped inside of Naruto Just that he could go outside whenever he wanted. At first Naruto didn't trust Kyuubi but they started to talk and now they are friends or in other words brothers.
-hey I hoped you guys like this Chapter it took me awhile and just so you know it's like 1:37 in the morning so if you see anything misspelled or anything can you tell me cuz I'm like really sleepy right know lol hopes you liked it and plz review thank you☺️-
You and Kuroko had been working on a project for school about sports.You were at his house right now,working on it while Kuroko was watching.He was doing a horrible job trying to help you,so you just let him watch.Your project was about tennis.You always found that sport very boring,but a project is a project and you can't do shit about it.
''Kuroko-kun,don't try to fall asleep on me!'' You bonked him on the head with your notebook.He just rubbed his head and continued to look at what you were doing.
''You know...You should help,too.'' You mumbled while finishing another sentence.Kuroko quietly eyed you.He always thought you were a beauty.Your hair is what he likes the most.It was so soft and easy to run your hand around.
''__-san...What shampoo do you use?'' You stopped writing and looked at him with a raised eyebrow.You just shook your head and answered.
''Coconut and vanilla.Why do you ask?'' You said,getting your attention back on the project.
''You smelt delicious.That's why.'' He simply answered.You pulled your shirt up your cheeks to cover your blush.
''I guess you like coconut?'' You asked while continuing.Okay,let me explain.You liked Kuroko,but you never got the nerve to tell him anything.This was your chance to get to know him better.
''I love vanilla.Vanilla milkshakes are delicious.'' Your head perked up as you remembered something.You had milkshake in your bag from McDonalds.You quickly grabbed your bag and searched through it.Kuroko looked at you with a hint of curiosity in his eyes.
''There you go,Kuroko-kun!'' You smiled and handed him the small cup full of vanilla milkshake.Kuroko took it without a second thought and began drinking.
''Wait,Kuro-kun,you have vanilla on your lip...'' You mumbled and pointed to your mouth.Kuroko wiped with his sleeve the wrong side of his mouth.You shook your head as a grin formed on your face.He was adorable.
''There,Kuroko-kun...'' You said as you brought your thumb where the vanilla was.You wiped it off and licked your finger,testing the vanilla.
''Delicious!'' You cheered.Kuroko looked at you with a blush on his face.How you just licked off the piece of vanilla that was on his lips was quite...seducing.
''Thank you,____-san.'' You nodded and continued to work on the project.No one said a word,which you didn't mind at all.It was nice to work in silence.
After at least 20 minutes of working you realized that it was too quiet.You quickly glanced at Kuroko to see he had fallen asleep.You took this chance to take a look at his features.
His eyes were closed,making his eyelashes longer and darker.His hand was supporting his head while he slept.His sky blue hair looked messy.You wanted to coo at how adorable he looked,but you knew better because that would wake him up.
Slowly,you pulled your chair in front of him and got closer to his face.You decided to tease him by blowing on his face,to which he did nothing about.You puffed out your cheeks in disappointment.
Next,you tapped his nose repeatedly,to which he did nothing about.You shook your head in disappointment again.You were starting to get annoyed by him not doing anything.
You suddenly got an idea,which made you blush fifty shades of red.Since he is a heavy sleeper,you could get something out of it.
You brought your lips closer to his nose and gently pecked before quickly backing away.Seeing him doing nothing,you sighed in relief and happiness.You brought your lips closer to his face again,but this time to his own pink lips.
You closed your eyes and gently put your lips to his.Your heart started pounding against your chest.This was happening.You kissed your crush.
After seconds you pulled away and quickly looked at him.He's still sleeping.Your blush reddened as you got up.Your socks didn't make any sound as you stepped in front of Kuroko.You gently took his head and turned it away from the desk,so he was leaning against the wall.After you made sure he didn't wake up you slowly sat in his lap with your legs spread out,so they could hang on the chair.
You waited a couple of minutes before wrapping your hands on his shoulders.You closed your eyes once again and inched closer to his lips.One more peck wouldn't hurt,right?You kissed him again,but this time you turned your head to the side so you could deepen it.
This was like heaven right now for you.Kissing your crush like this,really made you happy.
You pulled away to look at him again.Still sleeping.You smiled and put your finger under his chin.You pulled it down and his mouth opened a little.You mentally cheered and kissed him again,but this time you used your tongue.Your tongue gently brushed over his lips.The smell of vanilla hit you because of his breath.
''...___-san...Don't stop...'' His mumbled in his sleep,which made you blush and pull away.
''Kuroko-kun...The things you dream about...'' You turned to the other side and blushed.After seconds,he started to breath heavily.You turned to him in worry,but it faded away when you felt something poking your thigh.You quickly put a hand to your mouth to muffle you squeal.He was thinking about doing it with you?
After a while he calmed his breathing,but his buddy was still poking you.You wanted to moan at the touch,but seeing the situation you are in,stopped.You got back to kissing him.This time you were hungry for his lips.They felt so good and delicious that you couldn't control yourself.Your wet,hot muscle explored his mouth before playing with his tongue.
You couldn't control yourself anymore.You pulled away and quietly untied your tie and unbuttoned your school white shirt.You didn't feel the need to unclasp your bra so you left it on.You pressed you body against his and ran your hand around his chest.His abs,his biceps,everything he had was perfect.
After you had enough of his mouth,you went to his neck.You took a deep breath before trying to find his sweet spot.You knew it would be hard because he was asleep,but you didn't care.You ran your lips everywhere.You left hickeys on his neck,where he couldn't cover it with clothes.
You wiggled in his lap,so you could move his buddy right on your lips.You let out a moan by accident.You froze when you heard a yawn come from his lips.You wanted to quickly escape,but it was no use right now.
Kuroko slowly opened his eyes with a heavy blush on his face.He just dreamed about you and him doing the dirty.He couldn't believe himself.It was so out of character for him to dream something like that.Something tried to wiggle free,which made him quickly moan because of his erection.He quickly looked down to see you in his lap,looking like a heavy mess.Your hair was messy,looking quite wild and sexy.Your cheeks were tinted a heavy red color.Your eyes shone with lust and desire. He tightly shut his eyes and moaned in pleasure.
''K-keep going,__-san...P-please!'' He whispered out.You looked at him with a hungry look before doing as he said.You began to move yourself around his erection.You began to moan yourself when your panties got moved away by the tip.Your breath hitched as it now touched without the fabric your sensitive skin down there.
''Kuroko-kun!A-aah!'' You moaned as both of you blushed deeper.Kuroko's hands placed themselves on your hips.He moved your hips down so his length could come in you,but you quickly pulled away,panting heavily.
''_-___-san?W-why did you stop?'' Kuroko's voice begged.You just turned your back to him and walked to the bed.You pulled all of your clothes off as Kuroko watched with an intense stare.Just by looking at you,he got harder.You spread your legs open and tightly gripped the sheets.
''Kuroko-kun...P-please...'' You begged as you saw him just standing there.Kuroko nodded and began to undress himself.He only left his boxers on when he got on top of you.He kissed you before he pulled his underwear off.You gasped at the size of him.Kuroko quickly pulled away from embarrassment.
''W-wow...Kuro-kun...'' You smiled at him before wrapped your arms around his back.Kuroko relaxed and positioned himself on you.The tip started to come in and you tightly shut your eyes to conceal the pain.
After his length was fully in you,Kuroko started to slowly thrust in and out of you,moaning every time.To hear his moan was enough for you to bear the pain.If Kuroko loved it,you wouldn't mind anything to do about it.
Kuroko looked at your reaction and quickly stopped.You opened your eyes and looked at him with a questioning manner.
''_-___-chan...Are you crying?'' He asked.You quickly touched your cheek to feel something wet.You mentally growled at yourself for being so weak.Kuroko was about to pull away,but you pushed back into his length,making him gasp and shut his eyes tightly.
''_-___!'' You grabbed his shoulders and slammed him on the bed,so you could be on top.
''I'd do anything for you,Kuroko-kun...'' You gave him a kiss on the lips before started to roll your hips at a slow pace.Kuroko threw his head back as your hips started moving faster.
''Kuroko-kun...You feel so good!'' Kuroko heard her moan out.He looked at her with one of his eyes tightly closed.He slammed his hands on the sheets and kept moaning.
''Aah!Keep going...D-Don't stop!'' You slammed into him more faster.Your moans rolled around in the air.You scratched his chest as you kept your pace going.
''S-slow down...'' Kuroko gasped out as you went into an inhuman pace.You shook your head before throwing your head back in pleasure.Kuroko pushed into you to reach his end faster.You both moaned in pleasure.
After some thrusts,his hot semen filled you.You were surprised by how much cum he had in himself,but pushed it aside for now.
''Kuroko-kun...'' You moaned before falling on him in fatigue.You were about to fall asleep until something pushed in you again.It didn't hurt like before,the pleasure came faster.You pulled away to take a look at Kuroko.He didn't look exhausted at all.He was ready to do it again.
''Kuroko-kun?'' You asked as he tried to push it in you again.
''I w-want more,__-__-san.'' He pleaded as he got on top of you.You wanted to just rest right now,but seeing his needy face,you sighed in defeat.Kuroko did a small smile before putting your legs on his shoulders.You blushed again before nodding for him to do it.He rolled his hips in you without a second thought.You cried out his name again,but he just continued to thrust his hips.
''I love this more than vanilla...'' He whispered before grabbing your breasts.He started to twirl them around,making you bite your lip,so he wouldn't hear you moan.After his tries,he stopped and just looked at you with a half frown and half angry face.You started to get kinda concerned.You never saw him angry and you never wanted to.His personality is usually so calm and careless.You shut your eyes tightly,too afraid to see him angry.He wasn't angry at you,he was angry at himself because he couldn't even make you moan like he does to you.
''Moan for me,don't hold back!'' This was enough for you to start screaming his name as he began to pound into you really hard.Your vision started to fade away into blackness as you finally came on him.Your whole body twitched in pleasure.Kuroko looked at your form and a satisfied smile formed on his face.
''I want more...'' He demanded before turning you around.He grabbed your hips and positioned his member on your ass while you were still recovering from the pleasure.
''Wait,Kuro-kun...It hurts like hell from there...'' You tried to wiggle away,but he already had the tip of his length ready to enter you.
''I want to make you moan all night,__-chan.Let me,please.'' Kuroko said bluntly before slowly entering you from behind.Your eyes watered a bit from the pain.
''Wait a little...Please.'' You begged as you tried to regain you composure.He nodded and waited until you gave him a signal to enter fully.
''Okay,do it now.''He didn't need anything more than that to slam in you.You gasped and quickly looked back at him.He was ready to pound onto you like a rabbit.Doggy style wasn't your style,but if Kuroko wanted it like that,you wouldn't mind.
''Can i move now...?'' You slowly nodded.You thought he would be gentle this time,but you were wrong.He was already going at an inhuman pace.It's like this isn't the Kuroko you knew.
''You feel so amazing,___-san!'' He bent over to lay on your back as he slammed into you.You gripped the sheets and let out some screams in pain.You didn't like it this time.You never knew he would want to do it from the behind also.You just waited until he came into you.As soon as he did,you quickly jerked your body to the sheets,away from him.
''___-san?'' Kuroko asked with concern.You just turned your head away and snuggled into the sheets.Kuroko quickly turned you around and gasped as he saw your fresh tears running down your delicate skin.
''What happened,___-san?'' You just shook your head and wiped away the tears.
''I told you it hurts from behind...'' Kuroko's face fell down in guilt.He quickly hugged you from behind,trying to calm you.
''I'm sorry.I won't do it again.Don't be mad...'' You shook your head and turned around to give him a kiss.
''I'm happy my first time was with you,Tetsu-kun.''He smiled a gentle smile,glad you weren't mad at him.
''I'll make sure I'll be the last one,too.'' You just blushed and giggled at his thoughts.
''Thank you,Tetsu.For everything.'' You smiled as you closed your eyes ready to fall asleep.
''Anything for my future wife.'' You heard before falling asleep.
(Y/N) was sitting in front of her upstairs widow looking at all the 'Kids' that were having fun. (Y/N) scoffed "What's the point of having fun when we're all gonna die soon enough..." (Y/N) ticked but let out a soft sigh, '(Y/N). What makes you happy?' The voices in her head asked her. She sat there quietly thinking. "Death. Death is the only thing that'll make me happy." The voices were quite and (Y/N) just smiled, "I'm kidding! The only thing that makes me happy is talking to you!" 'But I am a voice inside your head. How come?' (Y/N) shakes her head, not responding to the Voices. But something catches her attention. A boy in his mid 18's walks up to (Y/N), (Y/N) the other hand was studying this boy. He's wearing orange-like goggles with a smile-like facemask, he had a stripe-like sweatshirt with gloves on. He had what it looked like, dark grey pants on with black & white shoes. But one thing that caught her eye. His rusty/shinny hatches. The boy bended down to see (Y/N)'s face, but she sorta backed up, but to see the boy just ticked! She tilted her head to the side to hear the boy mumbling, one thing she caught was "She probably thinks its creepy" once she heard that, she immediately ticked. "H-how did you get into my house, sir?" She asked politely, "I lock-picked your door and go-" He facepalmed and sighed, "I will see you soon, (Y/N)..." Then he just vanished!? 'Oh lord' The Voices inside my head just gasped. "Ya know... He was kinda cute..." (Y/N) caught what she said and hitted her head with her palm.
A/N
Woo that was da prologue, I bet some of u were thinking that it would be longer...NOPE but I'll try to make the next chapter longer or so. Oh yas, I was describing Toby as the pic so yah. And yes I said around his 18's even tho he's 19. OH WELL DEAL WITH IT. K.Thx.Bya
Gosh I'm going to get so much hate for this...
------------------------------
It had to be around one in the morning when Johnny Ghost had woken up from another nightmare and stood up. He had a terrible headache and just couldn't go back to sleep.
He moved from out of the covers and sat on the edge of the bed. He wrapped his arms around himself.
'What should I do?' He thought to himself.
Suddenly a thought came to his head.
He blushed. 'Should I...?' He thought for a moment. Finally he took a deep breath and stood up. 'Worth a shot...'
After throwing on a tank top Ghost tip toed through the dark hallway to his partner's room. Peeking his head in through the doorway he could see a his partner Johnny Toast sleeping silently in his bed in his dark room.
Without making a sound Ghost managed to quietly make it to the edge of his bed.
Toast was smiling a cute smile as he slept on his side. His hair was messy and very fluffy. Ghost blushed as he couldn't help but notice that he wasn't wearing a shirt, his tan skinned chest half covered in the sheets.
Ghost had to build up the courage before lightly tapping Toast's shoulder. "Psst... Johnny..."
Toast tiredly mumbled for a second before opening his light blue eyes. He had a worried expropriation as he stood up and rubbed his eyes.
"Are you alright sir...? Is there something wrong...?"
"N-no... I just..." Ghost stuttered, his face bright red as he stared at the floor. "I had a bad dream... And I was wondering if... If I could sleep here tonight... With you... Please..."
Toast didn't say anything for a moment making Ghost more nervous. Finally toast had lightly smiled and pushed over making room for his boss. "Of course sir..."
Ghost slowly claimed into the bed and pulled a sheet over himself. Toast  did the same. Ghost turned away from Toast to hide his blushing face. Why did he feel like this...?
"Thanks Johnny..." Ghost mumbled before drifting off to sleep.
(I'm The Doctor!)
Ghost felt strangely warm as he slowly woke up and opened his eyes. He found that he was unable to move as strong arms around his waist held him down and pulled him closer to his partners bare chest. He blushed madly when he turned his head.
His partner was spooning him from behind as he slept.
Unsure what he should do he became frozen in his arms. His cheeks burned red with blush.
Suddenly Toast slowly began to tighten his grip and pull Ghost closer to him. He had a cute smile on his face as he snuggled his face into his shoulder.
Ghost was now as red as a tomato.
Thinking that he would regret it later Ghost melted into his embrace and leaned back into Toast's arms. He was secretly enjoying every second of it. He was about to drift off into sleep again until Toast gently yawned and slowly opened his eyes.
Toast blinked twice before realizing the position they were in. He immediately blushed and pulled away his arms. Ghost quickly turned to face his partner, a bit disappointed that he had pulled away.
"I... Um... I-I'm sorry sir..."
Ghost didn't reply. Instead he moved forward, wrapping his arms around his partner. He looked into his stunning bright blue eyes as Toast looked into his golden brown eyes.
Ghost slowly moved his closer so that there lips where slowly brushing against each other. A moment later Ghost moved forward and closed his eyes as he pressed his lips more firmly against his, forming a soft kiss. It lasted a second until Ghost moved away and looked into Toast's cute blushing face and wide blue eyes.
Toast was silent for a moment as he looked into his boss's brown eyes again. He was quick to respond as he moved forward and crashed his lips onto his boss's. He started to slowly wrap his arms tightly around him. Ghost's eyes widened in surprise and his face turned a darker shade of red. They both felt like it lasted an eternity but in reality it was only about a minute until they pulled away for air.  They both smiled at each other in silence.
"Good morning sir..." Toast chuckled cutely.
Ghost poked Toast's nose. "Morning Johnny..."
Toast moved forward giving his boss a quick kiss on his cheek.
"I'll go make us some breakfast and tea... Ok?"
Ghost didn't want to get up, he wanted to stay here with Toast and cuddle. But he knew that they both had work to do.
"Ok," Ghost let go. Only to quickly wrap his arms around him again.
"One last hug..."
(If anyone gets that reference you get a cookie!)
------------
Does anyone even ship them anymore or am I the only one  •_•
I wrote this on the cruise at like one in the morning... I couldn't sleep... And this happened...
After writing this I had a weird korrasami dream... I'm probably the only one who watched that show...
I'm know this is awful but... Why not... I ship them...
I'm probably going to lose followers or get hate or something...
Meh... Whatever...
-Sara
*Beep beep, beep beep, beep beep, beep beep, bee-*
I slammed my fist on the pestering alarm clock, accompanied by a groan which contained much hatred. I opened an eye and grabbed my phone, immediately unlocking it and scrolling far down my messages with hope until I found Jack and I's conversation. Nothing, as usual. Jack and I hadn't spoken for eight months and twenty-three days now. Since I'd left for College, Jack and I had grown apart, we dated all of my last high school year and just before I left for College but by now we didn't even need to confirm we'd broken up; it was obvious. I stared at the last thing I'd texted Jack: 'Ok'. That's all it said and he hadn't replied, I didn't blame him though. What are you supposed to say to someone in an awkward conversation when they simply text 'Ok'? This had affected me terribly. I couldn't go back to Omaha because of it. I couldn't go back because I was so afraid I'd run into Jack. It was awkward, I didn't know what to say to him and clearly he didn't know what to say to me anymore. So instead I stayed in my claustrophobic apartment, mainly in my bedroom with as little outdoor contact as I could possibly manage. However, it had come to the time where I could no longer hibernate as I wished. Christmas was approaching and this meant I had to face Omaha for the first time in almost a year. Mom had always been nagging me to come home but I stuck with the same old excuse of that 'College was too busy'. Jack had made me afraid of my hometown without even realising it. I found myself making up excuses of why I couldn't leave New York. I'd always loved the city that never sleeps, but now I preferred to sleep myself rather than to go out and adventure the streets of what I'd always dreamed of as a child. I'd wasted everything, and it was all Jack's fault.
A/n: So this picture at the top here^ is Sonya and me when we were broadcasting on YouNow. This story is for her, plus I've been wanting to make a story about Vic for a long time. Sonya and I have known each other since 3rd grade and we're gonna be freshman this fall. However, in this story, we're gonna be seniors. This story is gonna be written by me but also has her ideas in it. So, I'm gonna just start the story now..:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.<Sonya's POV>Hai! I'm Sonya, I love Pierce the Veil and Sleeling with Sirens. I am absolutely obsessed with Kellic and I hate it when people diss on Mitch Lucker or any of the bands I love. My favorite color is baby blue and I have black hair with hot pink tips. I've been wanting to move out of my house because I'm sick of the abuse from my mom. I'm 17 and I'm turning 18 on Halloween, I know pretty fucking awesome right? Nope, because that's the day that my boyfriend and I broke up and he cheated on me. Anyways, I'm daydreaming in school right now, getting hit with paper balls by the preppy kids and getting my seat kicked, "hey cut it out" my friend said, getting fed up with it, she always knows how to help, even if they don't stop, she knows it'll make me feel a little better. They just laughed in her face and threw a piece of paper at her. She turned around and got up, walking toward the teacher and telling him that she needs to go to the office. As usual, he said no, and she just walked out. "Hey!-" he stopped, knowing she wouldn't listen, he mumbled to himself and picked up the phone, "hey Cindy, yes, do you have Chelsea Westby? Ah, ok well tell her that she needs to return to cla- oh... Well she can come collect her things from class if she doesn't feel good, yes...ok bye" he hung up and sighed, Chelsea walked back into the classroom as everyone whispered, she gave me a hug and walked out. The girls behind me laughed and whispered louder "I swear they're dating, I mean, can't you tell by the way they hug?" I got up and walked to the teacher, "can I go to the bathroom?" He shook his head "you can wait, go sit" I pouted, "but I need to use the bathroom" he gave in, "fine but hurry" I smiled and walked out running to my locker, and my ex, Ryin, "well well well, isn't the loser who I thought I didn't want to see again" he pinned me to my locker, "then let me go, asshole" he laughed, it wasn't that easy to get him to leave me alone anymore, he always wanted something, "how about we have some fun and then I'll let you go" I gulped and shook my head, "fine then, a week of hate you get" "I already have to deal with that dumbass" I scoffed and he walked away, laughing. I quickly grabbed my razor and some band aids, running into the bathroom, crying in one of the stalls, "hurry" I pressed the razor to my skin and dragged it deep in my skin. Wiping up the blood, I put a band aid over it and walked out of the bathroom, and ran back to my locker, putting my stuff away and walked back into class, where no one was there except the teacher, "what happened?" I asked "assembly, but since you're late, you can stay here and catch up on all of your missing work." I growled and grabbed my stuff "you know what I don't understand? How you can treat me like absolute shit, but you can treat those kids who copy off of each other's work, and bully kids like me who try really fucking hard and do their own work, and throw wads of fucking paper at me and my friends! You all, including you, Mr. Dickhead, bully my friends and me, all fucking day and I'm sick of it! I'm done with you and this fucking school, fuck you and fuck everyone who ever goes to this fucked up school!" I ran out of the class room and to the office, also running into my crush, "s-sorry" he smiled and looked down at me, "no it's fine...it was my fault" he blushed along with me, "were you crying?" He asked, "n-no..." I looked down, he cupped my chin, "yes you have, don't lie to me" I heard the laughter of the girls who bully me, and I ran in the opposite direction "wait I-" he yelled out as they surrounded him, laughing at him for talking to me. Pushing him on the floor, I grabbed all of my things out of my locker, literally everything but the books from classes, out of my locker and shoved it into my backpack, scrambling towards to office again, seeing my crush, Tj on the ground, I reached my hand out and helped him up, "I fucking hate this school" he said just loud enough for me to hear, "me too" he looked at me and frowned, I didn't understand why those girls pushed him, they usually hang out with him, "why did they pushed you?" He shrugged "why do you have all of your things?" I smiled "I'm dropping out" he wrapped me into a hug and I walked away "hey swee-" "I'm here to drop out" she frowned "why" "I'm sick of this school and I don't want to deal with it anymore" she sighed and gave me a paper and stamped it, "here" she gave me the form and I walked out of the school, happy to leave.
Hey guys! This is a new book that I've planned on writing after I'm done with slay.
Its basically about a teen who has autism (search it up if you dont know what it is) and suffers from major anxiety. She's an outcast called retarded and many nasty names for the way she was born. She thinks much different than normal people and views things from a whole new perspective.
She has suicidal thoughts sometimes but she never actually suicides.
Her mom and dad busy themselves in work so they dont have to think about their imperfect daughter.
She meets someone who really irritates her. Some Autistic people are sort of like neat freaks. So they have everything planned and when this person (im still choosing who will play his role but I know for sure someone in one direction), comes into her life he basically flips everything over for her.
In the midst of doctor appointments, anxiety attacks and depression, She finds herself changing. She finds herself doing things that she couldn't do before (no she didn't grow out of the disorder). She just learns to stretch it and adjust it a little for her (like talking more, writing stuff she already said down, and taking more risks).
(***confusing It'll start making sense later on.)
She finds herself falling for this cute annoying guy.
But the insecurities in her head only creates more drama than needed.
Would he want to be with a freak like her?
Follow the journey of this girl as she faces life head on and struggles with love and a mental disorder.
>>AGAIN ILL BE UPDATING THIS AFTER SLAY BUT IM JUST GETTING IT OUT THIRE SO YOU GUYS KNOW WHATS COMING UP.
~All The Love ♥️💞
AN// so, as usual, I caved. You guys begged and begged and I'm a people pleaser. I know it's taken a while, but here it is.
The third and FINAL book of my Tony Perry trilogy series.
The title of this book is from the song Besitos by Pierce The Veil. (FunFact: Besitos is Mexican for kisses)
Enjoy.
{ o n e }
'Lydia Starr is alive and has been hiding for years!'
'The Lydia Starr scandal revealed. We have the in with this story. Stay with us to find out everything that's happened with Lydia Starr in the past 7 years!'
'7 years ago popstar Lydia Starr was announced dead to the world. Well here she is now.'
"Can you believe it's been 7 years? Jesus Christ, Lydia what have we been doing with our lives."
"And we've only known each other for 6 years." I added in, watching Alexis take another drag of her cigarette, looking out over the city that I've lived in for 6 whole years.
She's playing all the latest news reports on her phone to me. I knew it'd happen sooner or later, but 7 years after my apparent death is a while for the media to only just find me.
"How are you not freaking out?" She asked me. Her pink hair is long gone. We're both 27 now, and we both work at a large record company here in San Francisco. Her hair is now brown and short, in a classy yet messy style.
"I knew it would happen. Hey, do you know another record company phoned me today and offered me so much money to work with them, just because I used to be famous." I told her with a small smile on my face, she grinned at me, knowing that I'm loving the perks I'm getting because of the media finding out about my old life.
"Maybe you should take it, and bring me with you. What company is it?" After 6 years of being best friends, Alexis and I have the same wavelength when it comes to what we think, and for us, more money is brilliant.
"Fearless records. I think I've heard of them before so they have to be pretty big." I replied, leaning back on the window of my apartment. She did the same after dousing her cigarette and throwing it somewhere unknown.
I half smiled thinking about my trusty apartment that I bought 6 years ago, running away from my life. Well, half of my life.
My other half is a gorgeous little girl called Madison, who has become my whole life since I left them all behind.
"They are, you should bargain with them, get us both in and we can get you and Maddie a better place, and I can get implants." She winked at me, shaking her cleavage around. I laughed easily, and opened up my apartment window again, both of us stepping back inside.
"Speaking of little Madison, what time are you picking her up?" Alexis asked me, and I looked at the clock.
"Shit. I have to get her now." I said in panic.
I grabbed my bag, and kept the mental remainder in my head of phoning fearless records and bargaining with them.
"Good luck picking her up now everybody knows who you are Starr."
God I really can't deal with the press while I'm trying to pick up my little girl, god forbid somebody finds out I have a daughter and she gets bad attention from the media.
"Lexis will you please pick her up for me again?" Over the 6 years I've known Alexis, I've never been able to call her 'Lexi' like most other people do, and she's told me to thousands of times. It just reminds me way to much of Alex.
Thinking of Alexis, she was already picking up her keys and putting her coat on.
"I knew you'd ask. We'll be back soon."
She went off, and I found myself smiling, already waiting to see my gorgeous little munchkin.
Copyright © 2015
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Bonnie:Oh hey look guys i found a video camera.
Chica: Really,that's cool.
Freddy:Why don't we go ahead and do questions and dares.
Foxy:I know someone who can help us with the dares.
two hours later
Kahinoya:Hello ma anamatronic peeps.
Foxy: Kahinoya welcome back.
Freddy:*Whispers*I thought that one went to the scrap yard.
Kahinoya:I can hear you Freddy.
Freddy:Sorry.
Kahinoya: Please leave us a comment and dares.Thank you.
The whole world is grey. No, not black and white. Grey.
Colour  is actually a subject in History now.
Although few people remember what colours look like, they describe them to be beautiful.
And Calum doesn't want to live in such a dull world anymore.
But he also doesn't want to die.
So he's just stuck here.
A/N; Okay so this is a  prologue thingy for my story. I know this is really short, sorry. I'm just hoping this whole thing just doesn't  turn out a flop.I'll try to update frequently enough (no promises).
Peace out rainbow trout ✌
I held onto the S shaped pendant around my neck that was given to me from my mother.

Glimmering tiny diamonds were surrounding the small baby pink diamond rose in the center of the S shaped necklace.

Shining in the elegant moonlight, dangling in several directions from the speed my tiny legs can run.

I inhaled and exhaled fast, gasping for air desperately.

Fearing of the approaching eerie sounds in the distant I grunted in pain from running.

My jaws clenched together tightly as I speeded up my pace at running in the woods without looking back.

The night lit by the moonlight was beautiful, breathtaking.

It was no time to admire the moon, I'm hurt, chased, alone, scared.

I grunted once again clutching my hands up to my chest.

"Ughhh" I grunted slowing down my pace, hiding behind a tree.

"I think I lost them" I whispered to myself.

"it hurts so badly" I shut my light blue crystal like colored eyes.

My wavy beach blonde hair was waving in The wind. I gulped realizing I was thirsty from all that running for half an hour.

Scanning the woods I was lost, my eyes stopped searching as it stared at a lake not far from where I was.

I could see the lake reflecting the beautiful moonlight.

Walking towards the lake I knee down to look at my reflection.

I gasped at the sight, I was a mess. My blonde shoulder lenght hair was like my bed hair when I woke up, which was a complete nightmare to me.

My eyes were forming black circles underneath my eyes which were red and puffy from crying

The corners of my baby pink lips were making a frown.

"It's not fair" I whispered to myself laying on the soft green grass. Embracing my knees with my two arms as I lay my head on my knees.

"I've...I've" I felt my lip quivering from my stupid emotional feelings.

"Lost every thing"

"it's not fair!" I shouted making my arms tightly embraced my legs.

'What if he heard me shout?' Thinking of the thought I shivered.

He was a murderer, he killed my sister I thought with tears forming in the corners of my eyes.

He laughed as he seen her in pain, how cruel! I furrowed my eyebrows in frustration. Why did he kill her?, didn't he love her?

I slapped myself in the face. I'm so stupid I faced palm myself shaking my head slowly.

He didn't! Jason didn't! He was in a arranged marriage with my sister, Cadence my older sister who was to be next in line for throne loved someone else.

He was the only one who liked the arranged marriage because of my family's wealth.

He was a selfish, rude and a stupid brat.

A flashback started to show a scene where two adults were in a large room that seemed like a bedroom, and a little girl who seemed like she was 8-9 years old peeking through the beige door.

The women who had chestnut brown hair and Green emerald eyes looked deep into brown eyes.

The man and the women leaned in tilting their heads in opposite directions.

The little girl gasped seeing the scene in front of her.

Their lips touched as the women moaned slipping her porcelain like skin colored hands into the man's blonde hair.

The door was opened wide showing a man. It was Jason, his eyes widen then narrowed.

"I knew you were here with that rat, you made a mistake, hon"

he smiled sweetly before shooting his brown eyes a glare at them both.

The little girl hid in the corner of the room watching the death scene in front of her eyes. One word.

Horror.

The man chuckled before pulling out a pocket knife. Without hesitation he stabbed his own fiancée in the heart

. Her last words were "Run" before falling down on the marble floor.

The man turned his back to meet brown eyes stating at him with fear.

His chuckle turned into a maniac like laugh as a lifeless body dropped to the floor.

"Hahaha! You just had to CHEAT ON ME DIDN'T YOU!?" He shouted at the women's lifeless body.

The man lifted her chin looking into her emerald eyes.

"I gave you my best, guess like you didn't deserve it"

He turned his direction to the petite girl huddling next to the blue walls.

"Tsk! tsk! tsk! shouldn't have witnesses should I?" He laughed gripping his hand on the handle of the knife Tightly.

The girl ran screaming at the top of her lungs. Running towards the front door of the house, she ran towards the woods surrounding the house while being chased by the murderer.

I shook my head several times rocking my self back and forth...back and forth.

Trying to calm down I thought about the subject again.

I just witnessed my sister die in front of me! It hurts me but...what if he's still after me? I-I done nothing wrong!

Me and my sister was just going to visit her 'friend' at their house, we'll so it seems they were like friends.

She brought me along because I begged her to a thousand times and she knows me and her friend gets along so well.

I regret doing that so badly. I feel selfish but I'm being honest.

Snapping out of my thoughts I found myself staring at the two strangers holding each others hands.

"Child what are you doing here?" A man asked. "Maybe she's lost" The women holdings hands with the man joined in.
"Child are you lost? Where are your parents?" The man asked again taking a step slightly close to me.

"I-I" I stuttered with shyness. "Ran away" I say with sadness.

"Why is that?" The man in a light blue striped dress shirt with Grey pants matching his tie and a pair of dress boots said.

" I was chased by a murderer.." I weakly said.

Yeah that's right! I'm calling that no good raggedy old hag a murderer now!

"Dear, um do you by any chance know where your parents are?" A women said wearing a floral blouse and tight navy blue jeans with a pair of white ballet flats.

"I know we are strangers but would you like to stay with us while we find your parents?" The man asked with hesitation.

"It wouldn't be a problem" The women said tilting her head making her straight brown hair bounce.

"Grab my hand" The man said reaching for my hands.

I pulled my hands away before he could touch my hands. "I can't trust anyone" I say with a frown.

"I like you for that, but you might not find your parents that quickly" The man said.

"Let's start from the beginning, My name is Charles" he said laying his hands on his chest. "My names Charlene" The women said with a smile.

"What's your name?" "M-my name is Amaya" I replied quietly.

"If you need us we live far over to the left next to those apple trees" the man said pointing to a smooth path leading to what seems like an apple tree in the far distance.

I nodded my head with hesitation, should I listen to them?

Would they kidnap me? or even worser...

Eat me!

I should not trust anyone especially if they act nice just to eat you, like cannibals.

"Uh... Thank you?" I say clearly confused making my eye bows furrow.

"Well we're taking our leave now" he said scratching the back of his head in confusion.

"If you change your mind remember what I told you" he awkwardly said.

Turning his shoes to the direction of the smooth path.

Ah! I do need a place to stay at because I don't know the directions back home to the castle. Wow how smart of me, but although I can tell them to send me back home.

Wait! if I go back to the castle I'll be stuck with princess training! I am not going to risk a sore back anymore.

Whatever I'm going to do, yes I am aware that I might be eaten tonight."Uh...Wait!" I shouted reaching for the end of the man's dress shirt.

"Whoa!" He leaned beside Charlene, gripping on her silky blouse.

"Charles!" "Eee!" The women squeal, Obviously startled.

"Amaya, you should be a tiny bit careful next time you do that, okay?" Charles said while using Charlenes shoulders for support.

"I...can I stay at your house in the mean time while...We can find my parents?" I said shyly playing with my fingers.

"Sure" Charles said with a smile. "Darling it wouldn't be a problem! Charles this could be like an experience for having kids! " Charlene said with excitment.

"Yes, somewhat sweetie" Charles chuckled in amusement.

Turning his attention to me he opened his hands gesturing me to hold it.

I smiled softly at the thought of having a normal life. Not royal duties, not training or paparazzi but a normal life.

I gladly putted my Palm on his and walked beside him followed by Charlene holding his hand.

This warm feeling was delightful maybe they weren't cannibals or kidnappers.

I glanced at the couple who were staring into each others eyes smiling softly at eachother while Charlene nuzzled her head on his shoulders.

They looked so happy being together I wonder if I would somehow find happiness and love like that one day.

Someday.
I am sorry for all of the grammar mistakes! Please enjoy and comment if you have any ideas and if you want me to keep going!
Bays pov:
I can't believe he would do this to me after all the time we have been together and all the things we have been through. I loved him, I flew all the way from Kansas City to L.A just to see him an he broke up with me! I feel like all the time I was with him meant nothing, that it was just a waste. I get out of bed and put on some cloths knowing that crying isn't going to help any thing and I look at the clock. It is 9:00. I go downstairs and find my mom cooking breakfast. " How are you sweetie" she says trying to make me feel better. "Fine" I say, trying not to make it such a big deal that Emmett and I broke up. The last thing I need is my whole family feeling bad for me, I just want to get over Emmett as soon as possible.
Daphne pov
I am very worried about Bay. Her and Emmett were great together and it hurts me that they broke up, I can't imagine what she is feeling. I'm also worried about what she is going to do next. After a break-up no one can predict what is going to happen next when it comes to Bay. She normally either goes a bit crazy, or gets another boyfriend as soon as she can, which never works out. I just really hope Emmett will be different.
Emmetts pov:
I wake up with a bad feeling in my stomach. I wipe the sleep out of my eyes and think about what happened the day before. I was filming my movie when Bay surprised me. I was completely shocked. Then I remember trying to get her to stay away from shooting the last scene, knowing that she would be hurt by it but I couldn't change the script. I get out of bed and get dressed, still thinking. I don't know how but she must have figured out about the last scene, because she came down to the set and we had a whole fight about it. I could tell I had hurt her by putting information about what happened between her and Tank. Then as I think about the last thing that happened I feel a knot in my stomach. I broke up with her. I can't imagine how she feels right now, I'm such a jerk. I love her and I have no idea what I was thinking when I broke up with her. I have to win her back. But how am I supposed to win her back now? I have already cheated on her and now I break up with her, she has no reason to trust me. My thoughts are interrupted when I see a flash, the doorbell rang. I walk to the door and open it. Skye is standing there.
soo lets get started!

Food-
Bacon-Mouse
Eggs-Yellow
Ice Cream-Cream
Cinnamon Rolls(my fav personally):Autumn
Other:Leaf


Season!Spring-Flower
Summer-Breeze
Autumn-fall or leaf(Girl would be leaf and boy would be fall)
Winter-Frost

I got Autumnfrost AND Autumnbreeze!:D
Tobias's pov
I walk into Tris's hospital room. She is pale and hasn't waken up in 3 months. I know she won't wake up but i can't just let her go. I need her. I take a seat and just wait there. I need her to wake up..... please tris wake up for me... please.

The doctor walk in and asks to see me outside. I walk with him out. '' I'm very sorry  Mr.Eaton" says the doctor. He looks very said. '' sir I got the blood work back and congradulation'' he say. '' what'' I say confused. "your girlfriend is pregant'' he says ''OH MY GOSH'' I say. " ok i have bad news'' he says.  "what?'' i say. I am shaking i am terrified about what he gonna say. what if there is something wrong with the baby? What if the baby wont survive? What if worse? I am so happy that i will be a dad but i am said because the baby wont even have a mom. I don't need much but i need her. we are gonna be a family but without her."the fetus take nine months to live but your wife is already dying so that means if the baby wants to live then.... we have to take her out now'' he says.'' do it'' i say quietly and turn around and see her on her bed. "what was that'' he says. I turn around and a yell"do it'' i scream. i walk into her room i am so sorry tris'' i grab her hand and kiss her forhead.
" Mom dad you ruined my life" I shrieked. "Honey,calm down" my mom said. "Calm down? You just told me we're moving and you want me to calm down? I hate you!" I screamed while running out the kitchen. I ran into my bedroom. I looked at what I was about to lose. My best friends, Abby and Lucy, all my work , my happiness everything. Why did my mom have to get a promotion?. Why make me move to New York? Why! "Sapphire, can I come in?" my mom whispered." Fine" I mumbled. "I know it's hard leaving your school and friends but it will be a nice change you can get away from that girl you don't like" I thought about it I did hate that girl. "Plus we'll be getting a bigger house so you can have a bigger room and a garden" my mom said. " ok " I said. " you better start packing your clothes and stuff" mom said. "Ok" I said. " mom I'm sorry " I whispered. " it's ok honey" mom said and she leaves.
" Sapphire, the moving vans here." Dad shouted. " here's all my things dad" I said. Mom only gave me 4 boxes so I got most of my stuff packed. I snatched my iPhone and jumped in the car. I played my playlist. Style played and I didn't feel so bad. Maybe my mom was right. Maybe a change was ok. I hope.
Welcome to Hunter.
The 2nd instalment of Asher.
You're going to see loads of character development in this story and its a Stiles story! With a pinch of Wyatt and Scott.
I'm writing this in third person so bare with me guys. Yeah, that's practically it, oh! And FYI, I don't own Teen Wolf so yeah, small disclaimer.
So let's get this started, shall we?
-Lexi
~~
The corners of Asher's mouth turned up as she heard the sound of the ring dagger lodging itself in to the wall.
She had changed in the couple of months that she had spent in Mexico. She'd become an expert on the bow and arrow and learned a thing or two on how to operate a gun, in short, Asher was becoming an excellent hunter, one of Araya's favourites in fact.
Besides her new found defensive skills, Asher's personality had been tweaked slightly. Due to the hostile hunters that surrounded her daily, she had adapted being just as hostile as them. In a way, Chris had told her she had reminded him of Allison when she had first started off as a hunter after her mother's death. Hostile and merciless. Which sent a shiver down Asher's spine for more than just one reason.
She found it necessary to slip in some humour and sarcasm into her words for fear she would lose hold of those traits. Araya would always smile at her sarcasm and pat her shoulder before telling her that her attitude would indeed come in handy eventually.
She had even seen Isaac a couple times since she'd become a hunter and all times were through Skype but even then, Isaac could sense a shift in the brunette's personality. Not addressing it directly but instead calling her a badass and then grinning widely.
In a way, Asher had become badass but to her, she just seemed the way she had been before heading to Beacon Hills, California. Just more respectful and less of an idiot, she presumed.
Having discovered all of these new found traits about herself, she found it strange how simply throwing a ring dagger at a wall had somehow easily amused her.
Perhaps it was the lack of activity happening recently. If Asher wasn't walking around, gun in hand, she was either in her bedroom or out somewhere, shooting at a tree.
The things boredom will do to a person astounded her profoundly.
She pushed herself up off the bed and towards the ring dagger sticking out of her wall, finding herself suddenly thinking about a certain group of friends she had left behind.
How were they now? Were they still looking for her or had they given up? They might as well have given up. She spun the dagger thoughtfully on her finger. They wouldn't even recognize her. Appearance wise, of course they would but personality? She could have practically been a different person all together. Ironically, she could be. She had practiced being a shapeshifter in private, for fear Araya would find out. But Asher had a feeling Araya already knew, the way she smiled at her after a little session of shapeshifting, she totally knew.
Her train of thought took yet another turn when she thought about a certain boy with messy hair and beautiful hazel eyes.
Her first ever actual love. How was he now? Had he moved on? Was he better?
These thoughts swam around in her head when the door opened.
"Araya wants you" Luna, a female hunter not much older than she was, said, Asher moved to exit the room.
"What are you forgetting?" Luna asked with a smirk. She thought for a moment before grabbing something she had kept on the table in her room.
"Gun?" Luna nodded and Asher followed after her to see Araya.
"What does she need me for?" Asher asked Luna curiously.
"To escort two 'guests' to a holding cell" Asher decided to leave it at that and Luna didn't seem to want to answer anything else.
"Just come on, take the money" Asher heard a voice say from the door Luna had been standing in front of. She nodded to the brunette. Reaching a hand out to the doorknob.
"She's here" Luna announced, opening the door, Araya had just finished sending an order to Severo and smile at Asher.
"Hello, Ashley"
The heads of two people in chairs turned to face her as Asher dropped her gun. Her jaw dropping.
"Asher?"
An accusatory look came on to Stiles's face and one of relief came on Lydia's. A sinking feeling went of deep in her stomach at Stiles's facial expression.
"Pick up your gun hija, that is no way to greet our very special guests" Araya scolded. A knowing smile on her face. Asher reached down and fumbled for her gun.
"What did you do to her?" Stiles asked, his voice calm but his actions anything but. Lydia reached over and squeezed the hand that had been angrily gripping the arm rest.
"Nothing. She has become a hunter over her own free will, watch. Asher, what is the hunter code?" Asher felt a guilty pang in her heart.
"We pro-" she cut herself off just as hopeful looks came on to Stiles and Lydia's faces. That wasn't the answer Araya wanted. She'd known from experience. "W-We hunt those w-who hunt us" she stammered instead and Stiles's steely glare returned. Just as Lydia had frowned.
"Excellent, sirena. Now, why don't you show them to their holding cell" Asher weakly shoved her gun in Luna's direction. Not wanting to use force in front of her friends. She gazed at Stiles again. Or the people who had been her friends. Luna took the gun and numbly, Asher walked out of the room.
They followed Asher quietly down the long corridors but she could tell by the faint whispers that they were arguing.
"You ask"
"Why should I ask?"
"You want to know the answer"
"You're her best friend"
"What does that have to do with anything"
"Maybe she won't blast your head off with a-"
"You guys have something you want to ask me?" Asher asked. Interrupting
"Yeah, how about why the hell are you a hunter in Mexico? Let's start with that one" The bitterness in Stiles's voice made her throat close up but she had learned to hide that. She coughed to clear her throat before throwing Stiles a glance over her shoulder.
"Chris. I'm here because of Chris"
"What does Chris have to do with anything? Him and Isaac aren't even in North America" Stiles retorted.
"Chris was to do with everything...I owe him"
"You owe him?" Lydia asked. Her voice much softer than Stiles.
"Yes, I owe him" she stopped and turned around, stopping them both in their tracks.
"Araya wanted Allison, okay? Not me. She wanted Allison" They both watched her intently.
"Obviously...Allison can't actually be here but according to Chris, I'm the next best thing"
Stiles looked at her with a hint of curiosity that quickly turned to the look of betrayal.
"And you didn't think of calling us to tell us you were okay?" He asked. His voice increasing with every syllable.
"But Chris-"
"Since when did you listen to Chris?!" He accused. Lydia put a hand on his arm. Silently telling him off with a glare.
"You're a traitor. Working for these hunters, they have Derek" Stiles said. Asher turned around so she wasn't facing them anymore.
"They don't have Derek," she said curtly. "You guys are wasting your time, if I'm such a traitor, I think it would be better off I was presumed dead"
A/N:THE STASHER TENSION IS REAL.
im going to be adding many scasher and wyatt/asher scenes and maybe, quite possibly an isaac/asher moment, which reminds me, would ya'll suggest some ship names for Wyatt and Asher? That would really help me loads.
But oh yeah! WELCOME TO BOOK NUMERO 2!
Enjoy your stay and maybe, just maybe, I'll write a season 5 book as well. When all the 5a and 5b episodes are released. Its a possibility but idk if u guys will stay around that long of if stalia will ruin everything for everyone.
Speaking of Stalia, prepare for some bitchy Malia scenes. I'm adding on to her character and making her a bitch. You're welcome. But don't worry, it helps the Stasher development so it's all good Malia fans, no need to get defensive.
xxLexi
Chapter One
Late September 2012
It was a sunny Sunday afternoon in downtown Durham, North Carolina. The sky was blue as can be with only a few clouds scattered across. For late September, the cool was slowly starting to usher in fall. The breeze rushing in. It was a beautiful day.
Unseen by the human eye, three angels were enjoying some time together outside the library, reading the newspapers and watching humans as they stood in line waiting for it to open.
Andrew, as usual, went straight for the obituaries, finding any one he took home. Monica always preferred the culture section. And today a storyteller from Japan was going to speak at library about legends. Gloria, always went for the science articles, but recently has tried to slow down and enjoy reading. Her mind was made to run like a supercomputer. An angel for today's tech-based society.
Then Monica casually looks up and sees something, or more specifically, someone. Getting Andrew and Gloria out of the papers, she points out a auburn haired, bespectacled, teen coming out of a car. Waving at the driver, she walks briskly towards the doors, a full bag hanging from her side.
"Our next assignment?" Gloria inquires. "Yes she is. And she's at a crossroads. One decision can change everything." Monica answers, folding her newspaper and the others do the same and go on inside.
Crystal stood at the counter, pulling out the previous week's books she had checked out and finished. Then straight up the stairs she goes to the third floor. It was always a place of refuge for her for the last few years. Quiet, peaceful and she could get away from the stresses and cares of school and home. Also, she came here every Sunday to kill time before going to Youth Group at a church a short walk from there.
The three angels stood unseen watching her. She looks at the shelves and when something strikes her fancy, she takes it down and browses through it. "Her name's Crystal Grayson. She's 17, and has a terrible burden that needs to come off before it's too late. Gloria, you may like her. You two are a lot alike, that's why you're on board here."
Monica notices her perplexed expression and explains. "Her IQ is genius level, talented, but it's all useless to her. She has no self worth, and we have to help her realize that she's precious to God."
Andrew was looking at the girl. He had the feeling he had seen her before. Something was familiar about her. Maybe he took Home one of her relatives that looked like her...
It had just turned 4:45 and Crystal started to wrap it up. She had to get to the church and finish up the final details for her program. In her years in middle and high school youth group, she had never done a program. Plus, like the library, it was a place of comfort and safety for her. Checking out a handful of books, she walked just down the street. The breeze caressing her face, it was soothing, she wishes it could do the same for her soul.
"Miss Golds? I presume?" Andrew, dressed in a casual shirt and jeans, sat in an office facing a husky woman with dark, shoulder length hair. "I was sent to help with this group until a replacement can be found." They shook hands. Cassie Golds sat looking at the resume he gave her. "Pleased to meet you, Andrew. Now this is a roster of our regular kids who come here." She gave him a sheet of paper. He took the list and read it. Sure enough, Crystal's name was there. Cassie went through it, describing each one in some detail. But when it came to Crystal, she paused. "Facinating girl she is. Funny story of how we met. But if she trusts you enough, I'll let her tell it. She does it better than I can. And that would be her now."
Andrew hears somebody singing just outside the door. Something about lighting a candle in the rain. A teen with dark brown hair and glasses enters  in and says hi. Andrew knew this was the assignment. In a quiet voice she says, "Let me get the materials so I can finish this for tonight." She pops in and picks up a pack of flash paper then leaves. Cassie stops her.
"Crystal, this is Andrew. He's filling in for Beth until a replacement can be found." Crystal looks at him inquisitively. Then she blushes and shakes his hand before leaving. Again, Andrew had that feeling they met before...could this be part of why he's here? He regains focus and gets back to the orientation.
Crystal sat crosslegged in a corner of the small sanctuary, cutting the flash paper into pieces. Her mind drifted back to the night before. Mom and step dad were at it again. All about her, how she spends more time at church than at home and all this. But he didn't have any say in what she did.
Her stepfather always had a hated for Cassie, Crystal knew it. Maybe because of the close relationship they had. Tears started to form, but she wiped them back. She had been moody lately and chalked it up to a recent adjustment to her bipolar medication.
But she knew why. Last year, he wanted her to do something totally inappropriate to him and threatened to tell if he did it again. Since then, things had been tense between them. She also thought of her sister, she couldn't leave home after graduation and leave Haley alone.
Things were getting desperate and she had chosen this topic of secrets and how confessing it can bring relief. Letting God help and all that. The group would each write their darkest secrets on the flash paper and greatest desires, but not to share with the others, then fold them up. Then they're placed in a pan, where they're lit with a match, making it disappear.
To Crystal, at least this way, someone would know, she thought, holding back the emotions best she could. That was becoming harder to do these days. Why would God allow things like this to happen? Where was justice?
She had finished by the time the others started coming in. Cassie and Andrew were finished prepping for the dinner and welcoming everyone before officially starting. About 12 (including Crystal) kids show up. Everything went well, but Crystal was on pins and needles when it came for her to take the reins. This was harder than being in stage doing a solo for a dance concert at school.
Everyone wrote on their slips and placed them in the pan. Her hand shook as she wrote on her slip. She could at least write it down in front of others and not let them know it. Crystal took the lighter and put it to the pan. In a flash it was gone, to her it felt like a burden lifted a little.
Gloria, unseen, watches on with a curious look. It grieved her to see someone so young worn out from unseen burdens. How can humans go on like this? She couldn't see what was written on her slip of paper, but the pain on Crystal's face said it all. Monica said this one was a lot like her, wonder what that meant?
Chapter Two
Monday arrives and it was the start of the rat race for Crystal. Arriving, she goes straight to her Special Needs counselor. Knocking on the door she expects Mrs. Lindsay to motion her in as usual because the light was on. Instead she gets a surprise.
Instead of the older woman with the blue glasses, she finds a red haired, slender, younger woman. Dressed in a light gray jacket, black shirt and jeans. "Hello, my name's Monica." She extends her hand to Crystal and motions her to sit down. Her Irish accent made Crystal feel at ease, in fact, she liked accents, as long as they're not so thick it's impossible to understand. "And I will be filling in for Mrs. Lindsay. She had emergency surgery and will be out for at least a month." She had that calm, soothing voice. "And you must be Crystal Grayson." They shook hands.
What drew Crystal's attention was the hair, that shade of red enthralled her. After a minute or two, she had to leave for her English class. Today it was "Frankenstein". She made everyone laugh when asked what came to mind about the book, she said "recycling". An answer nobody expected. Even dance class was more fun than usual. Plans for the winter show in mid-December had to start. The day went well and then she had to go to the nightmare called home. The one she shared with her mom, stepfather and baby sister.
That night Cassie calls Andrew. "I am really not well and I need to ask you a favor. Could you take Crystal to her therapy appointment tomorrow?" Cassie coughs, hacking up a glob of mucus, "her mother works and I help however I could." Andrew says he could and she goes, "Good. I'll text her and give her a heads up. She'll show you where and all. Need her school address?" Again Cassie has a coughing fit. "I'm going to see the doctor in the morning." She hated these times. So busy helping others she forgets about herself.
Crystal was having a harder time sleeping. Like clockwork, the nightmares came right on time. She's being chased through the woods by a creature. It ends up cornering her and wraps its long spindly hands around her throat. It then transforms into a human she knows all too well. Then the pain comes just before it goes black.
Checking her phone, the time says, "3:30 am". Turning over, she shed silent tears to get back to sleep. Another day to keep her secrets, agonizing over what to do. The one part of her past she would rather forget. The emotions would be too much for her to handle. As her mom puts it, Crystal was always "delicate" emotionally.
Gloria looks on, watching each tear slide down, gently wiping them away. What could be so painful it causes this agony? She was quite literally still the new angel on the block, but knew something pained this girl. And seeing Crystal in pain, it hurt her too.
Chapter Three
The next day, school had let out. Crystal and her best friend Emily were outside the school cutting up. Emily lived not far from the school, like Crystal, and she had her weekly therapy appointment. All she knew was Cassie was sick and someone else was coming for her. Today was also her first in depth session with Monica.  Not bad, went over her background and the usual "if you need to talk, I will be here" line.
"The file shows that you've had a difficult life." Monica says, scanning the thick folder. "Foster care, a time in a psychiatric unit...My, you have endured a lot." She closes it and looks straight into Crystal's eyes. "Now I want to hear your side. Don't be afraid to hold back."
Crystal so wanted to take the offer, but the voices that taunted her as far back as she can remember started up. You're no good, secrets are your friend, nobody cares for you, and so on. They bound those thoughts of wanting to say something. Every good thing she did was...tainted by those voices. Her ability to trust was dampened by the memories, and living under the same roof as the person who ruined her. Now she's got a sister that could have the same thing happen to her too if it hadn't already.
A horn honking snapped her back to reality. There was Andrew, in a red Cadillac, calling her name and waving. Emily came up and Crystal soon followed. After introductions, Emily headed off and it was just her and Andrew. She was impressed by the car. On the way to the session, they talked some. About her and the city in general.
They come upon a two story brick building near one of the hospitals. After parking, they go in and the receptionist takes Crystal's name and appointment. After a few minutes of waiting, her name was called. A short woman, dark hair and glasses, comes and greets them. "My name's Gloria and I'm a student helping out Dr. Steele with some cases. You don't have a problem do you?" Andrew stays in the waiting area while she goes in.
Dr. Steele's office was medium sized. Shelves and a desk covered one end and a red couch lined one wall. Toys and art supplies were for the younger ones. "Now, I would like for you to try and think back to what upsets you the most." Dr. Steele calmly tells Crystal as she lays on the couch, eyes closed, her breathing steady. It starts out well, but soon it goes downhill at a certain point.
In her mind Crystal was able to go deep, but when the words start to form and are on the tip of her tongue, a hand grabs her throat. Or at least it feels like it. And the voices whisper "We can't stop this thing we got going." They tell her disgusting things about herself and then the physical pain begins. Andrew, unseen, watches  as she curls up, her face contorts in silent screams. She begins to choke despite nothing at her throat. Crystal begins to flail on the couch, her hands around her neck and when Dr. Steele reaches to touch her, she flinched.
For the two angels, it was sheer agony to even watch. With a snap of the fingers, Dr. Steele brought Crystal out of her state. It had been only the last year this started and has been chalked up as a severe case of anxiety.
"I had one didn't I? Doctor?" Crystal asks after gaining her breath. Promptly Crystal ran out to the bathroom with waves of nausea. The idea of going through this made her sick, thoughts raced through her mind. Why not just say it like in that fan letter she sent during the summer? One of her favorite singers always got fan mail like this and maybe she may get a response. The first time she told anyone what really happened.
Ten pages of pouring her heart out. At least, if something happened to me, someone out there would know. Ironically enough, he was coming to the State Fair next month. And the youth group was going, including her. She smiled at the thought.
Chapter Four
After the session, Andrew decies to take Crystal out. Her and Cassie did this just about every week. It would be something like shopping or dinner. A girl's day out. But it was her and Andrew this time. They went to a small Chinese place at the mall and for some reason, Crystal could be open to him. "Well, Cassie says you two met in a very strange manner. Mind telling me, if that's all right."
She was stunned. Briefly glancing into those green eyes, she began a very brief outline of her life. Life with autism, the days in foster care, including her stint in the psych ward at 11, where she met Cassie. Every detail was seared in her memory, down to her clothes. A slight smile came to her just thinking about it.
"She's that important to you isn't she?" Andrew calmly whispers and places his hand over hers. He felt trembling in her just by touch. She looks up and behind those Sgray eyes, there was a great pain he saw. Clawing just below the surface, eating at her.
Regaining her composure, Crystal picks up her fork and resumes eating. "Yes, she is. Like the sister I never had. I guess that's the best kind of friend one could ever have." Andrew was surprised at how casual she spoke of her life, difficult as it was. Almost like it was normal. He had talked to Monica earlier and she said the same thing.
He drove her back home. Her mom and sister were finishing up dinner and her stepfather was reading a paper. And as usual, downing a beer. Looking up at Andrew, he scowled and went back to the paper. After a few minutes and introductions, he left. Her stepfather gave Andrew the same look he gave all her friends, a scowl. It was like he didn't want her to have any friends.
Once she was settled in, Crystal finished her homework and logged into a chat room she often frequents. The others there knew her as "X-77". Over the last two months she had been talking to "Andy37". Nothing inappropriate, just friends. Beside her was the letter. A response to the one she sent to this one singer she loved and chose to reveal her secret to. For about an hour she chatted and then logged off.
Nervously, she picked up the thick envelope and opened it with a letter opener she kept at her side. Removing the contents, she began to read. It was almost 9:45 before finishing her homework and going to sleep. But not before placing it in her small safe. It gave her a lot to think about.
Chapter Five
Week And a Half Later (early October)
Crystal wakes up from a nightmare once again. The bruises on her arm stung and pain in her groin was almost too much. Why was it with these nightmares real pain comes? It had been the last few months this has happened and chalked it up to thrashing about while sleeping. Could the night terrors she had as a kid be coming back, that she never grew out of fully as originally thought?
Stumbling into the bathroom, she turns on the light and finds her neck red where it looked like hands were wrapped around them. The sight made her gasp, only one person could pull this off. The anger inside flared up and she resolved herself to end this, one way or another.
Monica was standing unseen beside her. The storm cloud grey eyes matched a tempest of emotions that brewed inside Crystal. The three angels had taken turns watching her from the start. Taking blows for Crystal and her sister when her stepfather went off on them if need be. She ached from the last one. It frustrated the angel that Crystal hadn't been able to speak out. A shudder went through her at what could happen if she doesn't let it out...
Crystal looks in the mirror. The burden she held was physically taking a toll, she literally could feel it in her shoulders. Stopping at her little sister's room, she sees little Haley sleeping. Her half sister, only nine years old, laid there in bed, sleeping like an angel. Worry filled her. Would she be next? Lately that's what her dreams were filled with. Haley being hurt like she was. Hot tears filled her eyes and Crystal left for her room. Where she wept herself back to sleep like so many times before.
At school things were getting worse. Despite Monica's gentle urging, Crystal was sliding. She was becoming more withdrawn and agressive. At school, a boy called her a name and she went ballistic. Flashbacks were coming frequently and often, even in class. Excuses to explain her actions were harder to come across.
She kept it together still. Andrew marveled at how some humans were able to even function under these conditions. Crystal was slowly trusting him, at times it seemed she had something to say, but pulls back. Her eyes said it all, a shadow crosses over them when she talks about what she calls "the dark times". That's what she calls the time when she was in foster care and what led up to it.
Chapter Six
But it all fell apart the week before the Fair trip. In an argument with her stepfather, Crystal pulled out a knife. "You know what you did and if you touch my sister, I will kill you!" She raises it and swings it down towards his head.
Andrew, unseen, whispers in her ear, "Whatever it is that's hurting you, this is NOT the answer. Think about it, once it's done, there's no going back." With one word from the Father, he grabs her arm just as it's coming down, stopping an inch from his head. Try as she could, Crystal just couldn't budge her arm.
The stepfather, blank faced, smirks and chuckles. "You never could finish what you started. Coward." Straight-faced and cold. "You're always threatening to tell the world lies against me. Well, how about an exchange? Keep your mouth shut or everyone knows about what goes on between you and my daughter." His eyes said that he was serious.
The door opens and Haley enters, fresh from playing in the yard. Crystal slips the knife in her sleeve and puts on a plastic smile. Mom had just left for work as a manager at a local restaurant she owned, often working long shifts.
He rises up from his chair and whispers, "Keep quiet or I just might make her an object lesson." He shoots a glance at Haley, who was hanging her coat up in the living room. "And it will be all your fault." He gives a self satisfied smirk.
Andrew hated these cases. In his time as an Angel of Death, he has seen his fair share of self-destruction cases. This was one of them and every time it tears him apart. Inside he was wanting to rip this animal into pieces for what he was doing. Instead he punches the wall beside him. Of course being in his angelic form, it wasn't damaged, but he did wince from it.
By now the agony of realizing her sister was now at risk was almost too much. People were getting suspicious and she knew it. Monica was probing way too deep and it made Crystal panic inside. Then the body betrays you. Her hands start trembling, something she attributes to the lithium she takes for her manic depression. Even during her waking hours the emotions come. Her mind goes back to the Sunday before.
Flashback
Everyone was having a good time at the weekly supper. This week it was pizza and chips with cookies for dessert. She was finishing up a lively chat about the upcoming trip to the Fair and particularly the concert. Michael Reigns was coming and this was a dream come true. Crystal played his music day and night, had all his albums and pictures plastered on her wall. Now she was finally going to see him live.
"Who can resist those blue eyes? I could drown in them." Kathy, one of the other girls says with a dreamy look in her eyes. "It would be awesome to meet him..." Crystal laughed, though she shared the same thoughts. Excusing herself, she went up to the first first floor ladies room to wash up.
She carried that letter with her. One of the volunteers who worked with the fan mail gave her advice on how to deal with this. Also about how God sees her agony and weeps. Righteous anger and all. Also included was Rebecca's (this person's name who responded) story and referrals to websites and hotlines.
Crystal preferred to be alone, part of it was because of her biological father being like that by what her mother has told her. Lately also, she's asking more questions about that. Splashing water on her face, she looks in the mirror. The agony was showing, making her 17 year old countenance seem older. Even looking into her own eyes in a mirror was difficult, almost impossible. Drying her face, she slips off. And instead of going back, it was straight to the main sanctuary.
This was right above the smaller one. It was where all the major services were held. It was of course empty, giving her quiet time to kneel at the rail before the altar and pray. The silence helped keep her focus and maybe even if she's lucky, hear something from God. "Where are you God? It's getting worse here. What can I do?" Crystal whispers into the air. And as usual, nothing.
Andrew had noticed Crystal missing, gone too long. He slips out to find her. He caught a glimpse of dark brown hair sliding into the sanctuary. He had come here the week prior thinking someone was there but found nothing. But this time it was different. Approaching the rail, he sees her kneeling. Reaching out, he touches her shoulder. "You shouldn't really be here".
She panicks, turning around staring at him. Andrew saw the horror in her eyes. Like she was staring at someone else. Crystal had a glare that could kill a man. After a moment, she softened. "Didn't think anyone else was here." She sat down on a pew. And he follows. "Did I ever tell you about my brush with death as a kid?" She begins, telling of how at one, she almost died and while recovering, tried to sneak out of the hospital ward. Then about how she fell off a 20 foot cliff at age 5 with only bruises and two fractured wrist bones.
Andrew's memory started going off, these incidents ring a bell. Why did he feel like he knew this girl from before? They rise up and go back downstairs. Those questions would have to wait until later. But what drove her to say what she did? All these thoughts ran through his mind, but he sensed time was short for her. So those questions would have to wait.
End of Flashback
Crystal had her overnight bag packed. After the fair, they were coming back to the church for an overnight. She would leave after dance class and miss typing but this time of year, lots of kids did it. Monica would hold her bag in the office during the day. It would be fun!
She just talked to Andy37 online and got a little deep. Brought up a scenario where someone close to her was hurting and didn't know what to do. They had gotten a little close, comfortable. "Did you ever have a secret so unbearable it had to be let out, but the pain of it doing so would make you feel like you have to choose between your sanity or your life? Maybe both..."
The screen was blank for a minute. Then the words popped up. "What is it X? What is it you want to get off your chest?" Crystal was stunned, left speechless. Never was he so blunt. Also, how did he know? Making up some excuse about being tired, she logs off. She falls asleep, that last conversation on her mind.
Chapter Seven
The day had finally come! Cassie would pick her up after fifth period class and from there, meet everyone else at the church. By 3:30, they would be on the Fairgrounds in Raleigh. Everything went as planned. The day was good, no homework, and almost everyone was at the church when it was time to go.
Going to the State Fair was always a joy for Crystal. The sights and smells stirred up emotions of a better time, more innocent. Plus, the rides and food made it all better. Drove the bad emotions away, at least for a while. As a senior, she was able to roam for a while on her own. At least until 6:45 when the group would meet by the arena and go in for the show.
Monica, Andrew, and Gloria watched the group split. "What can we do?" Gloria asks. In the short time she got to know Crystal, she discovered they truly were a lot alike: both of them were highly intelligent, and for a young human, Crystal had wisdom beyond her years. After a few moments, Andrew spoke. "There may be a way, and this person is the key." Then he pulls out his ticket for the concert. "Brilliant! But will it work?" Monica questions. "It may be the best chance to help her." Gloria says. Andrew then disappears.
After buying a few pounds of saltwater taffy and souvenirs for Mom and Haley, she waited in line to buy a hot dog and a drink. Then sat down at a table near the arena to dig in. For some reason, fair food always tasted better. Like that one thing families made once a year, at times like Thanksgiving and Christmas.
In a dressing room deep within the arena, a man was finishing up prepping for the show. His jeans and jacket freshly dry cleaned. He was wanting to wrap this up and get back home to his wife and kids. But this time, he was able to set aside some time to slip away in a cap and glasses. To see the world as everyone else.
Suddenly, a glow fills the room. In the center was a man, tall and blonde haired and Michael sensed this was from God. He sang about Him as a career and passion, his calling. Lately he had been questioning what impact he had made on the world.
"You have been questioning your purpose Michael. And I am here to steer you back. I am an angel sent by God to show the impact you've made on one fan. She entrusted you with something so dark, she doesn't know what to do." He then hands Michael a small stack of papers. It was Crystal's letter and Andrew had not read it on orders from above.
Chapter Eight
Michael remembers visiting the office where the fan mail came to and sifting through some of the letters. This was one of them. He remembers the scrawl, and how desperate she sounded. It tore him reading this, and when it became too much, he passed it to a female worker.
"What can I do to help?" Michael asked the angel, a look of curiosity on his face. "Just come with me. No need for the cap and glasses. It won't take long..." Suddenly they were just feet from where Crystal sat. "Now go ahead and encourage her," Andrew tells him, "and don't worry, people won't recognize you."
Nervously he approached Crystal, who was scribbling in a notebook. Sitting down with his bottle of juice in hand and a sandwich, he politely asks if he could sit down in front of her. She says yes without looking up from her writing. Nobody else was there.
A brief chat about the fair and the show was an icebreaker. Crystal tried to look into those blue eyes, but couldn't hold it. "I'm just going through a lot right now. With school and home." This was the opening Andrew needed and whispers something to Michael.
Michael thought hard, then says, "My advice is trust God. You don't know what His plan for you, but whatever you're going through, He can help. Ask Him, that's all." Placing his hand over hers, he flashes that trademark smile and excuses himself. Pausing only briefly, he whispers four words Andrew hopes reignites the spark in Crystal." Be strong and courageous". Then he walks away with Andrew.
Crystal was left speechless. She recognized that voice but, it couldn't be. Anyhow it was enough to her to make a final decision. And she knew exactly who to share it with. Looking at her watch, she was running late. Finishing up the last of her hot dog, she cleaned up and left, feeling like walking on air.
Michael was back in his dressing room, almost no time had passed. To him, it seemed like a dream, but he felt that his faith in the One who gave him the gift of charisma and music was restored. With the help of an angel and a fan. Taking the outfit off the rack, he preps for the show.
The concert was great. Crystal and the gang had made a sign wishing him a happy birthday (it was the week before) and he pointed their way which was stage left when he saw it. Dedicated a song to "someone who reminded me that if one person was touched by God through my music, it was worth it all." And the worship was intense, she felt the Holy Spirit fire fall on the venue.
Then after the show, the group got to meet him. Andrew and Cassie was there to catch her in case she fainted. Everything went well and again Michael whispered, "Remember, be strong and courageous." Then he winked at her. She was stunned! This was the man she talked to earlier! The entire ride back she didn't say a word, just a smile on her face. She had courage now to go ahead.
Chapter Nine
It was almost eleven-thirty by the time they got back. The traffic wasn't bad and everyone was tired. Crystal slept for a while, waking at 2 am. She had her tablet and connected to the wifi after sneaking off to the next room.
As usual, Andy was there in the chat room, and she him about the show. What she felt and how they got to meet Michael. "I have made a decision. I'm going to tell Cassie." She hadn't told Andy her secret, just that she had one. "And its going to be Tuesday while we're out.". A brief pause then writing pops up. "Great! You can do this X. I'll be praying. Keep me posted!" Then she logs off.
The door opens. It was Cassie checking in. "You all right?" She asks, holding out a bottle of water and Crystal takes it. "I was checking my emails that's all. Everything is going to all right" she says with a smile. She was feeling good, but deep down, there was dread, something was going to happen that will bring her down from that high. And it was coming sooner than she thought.
She always had a 'sixth sense'. She saw things before they happen in dreams and visions, a lot like what happened in the Bible. And this was one of those moments. Crystal always felt "too different to be normal and too normal to be different". She felt out of place, even among autistic people like herself.
By noon the next day, Everyone was ready to go. Cassie takes Crystal home. And she unlocks the front door and heads straight to her room. As she lays down the bag the sounds a struggle come from her sister's room. Barging in, what she sees shakes her to the core.








You told me you were reckless,
I forced myself to agree
I still have your old necklace,
From the day you were carefree
I grabbed at it with nothing in mind,
when you were jumping with glee
I told myself to time it right,
even though you were carefree
You never noticed the missing jewel,
the day you were happy
I never knew you could be so cruel
you're now the opposite of carefree
// thank you to all who read this poem....It means sooo much to me, lol, this is my second published piece.Thanks again!
Love,                paigegielen
Hello.
So I started a story for Marvel imagines and preferences etc. and I thought I'd do more on other things.
In this book I will write any form of fanfictiony thing (preference, song fic, imagine, one shot etc.) on these:
-          Criminal Minds
-          Once Upon a Time
-          Castle
-          Gossip Girl
-          Pretty Little Liars
-          The Vampire Diaries
-          Arrow
-          American Horror Story
-          Scrubs
-          Lost
-          Baby Daddy
-          Casualty
-          Outnumbered
-          Teen Wolf
-          Lord of the Rings
-          Anything Disney
-          Percy Jackson
There will probably be other things I'll write about but I can't think of them, just ask and I'll see if I can write them. If you'd like something Marvel:
-          Avengers
-          X-Men
-          Fantastic 4
-          Spiderman
-          Guardians of the Galaxy
-          Agents of SHIELD
Then you may request here but I'll post them on my other book.
If you have any requests or suggestions them please PM me or comment them.
Thank you c:
"I start thinking that I can't leave this whole situation I'm in. I'm stuck. No matter how hard I try, or how much help I get, I end up at square one." I slouched over, resting my elbows on my knees.
"I don't think any of this is helping." I looked up at Lauren, my counselor, who was watching me closely. She didn't speak or move, she sat there stiff almost like she was made of stone.
"I think we should end these sessions, it's clearly not helping."
"Logan," She said shifting in her chair, "You're here to get better, you know that, but if you keep making less of an effort, you're not going to get any better."
"Can I come back in a couple of months? I want to see how I'll do on my own, nothing personal. You're a great counselor and all, but I think I need my space. It brings me down when I have to talk about this stuff three times a week." My thumbs were circling around each other and my eyes watched them as they fought each other. I kept my eyes down at my hands until I realized it was silent.
"If you need your space then that's fine, but if you come back worse than before, I'll be seeing you more often and no breaks for your own space okay?" Her eyes looked directly into mine and I could tell she was being completely serious.
I nodded at her and walked out of her office. I reached the front of the building and got into my car which was parked across the street.
I got inside and reached for the glove compartment. I took out my cigarette box which felt empty. I opened it and saw it had one lonely cigarette left.
"Fuck," I hung the box upside down and let the cigarette fall into my palm. I pinched the cigarette between my lips and grabbed a lighter from my hoodie and lit the end of it.
I was not a major smoker, but I have never been sober for long. I had emergency cigarettes, which meant that I'd stash cigarettes in different spots around my room or my car so my parents won't confiscate them from me. They helped with my anxiety, which sounds stupid, but it was a way for me to release the anxiety or stress.
My parents do not like the smell it leaves on me and they always try to have those "smoking takes a year off of your life" talk which never works out.
I don't like to get caught smoking by my parents because I end up feeling like I'm disappointing them which is probably what really happens.
I started the car and drove to the nearest gas station to purchase more cigarettes.
***
The bell above the door rang as I opened it to enter the little drug store they had by the gas station. Before getting cigarettes, I went to the back of the store where they had the beverages.
I took out a Monster drink, quickly turned around and bumped into a much shorter girl.
"Sorry," We said almost simultaneously. I noticed that she had a ring piercing on the left side of her nose that twinkled from the lights of the refrigerator behind me.
She had a red beanie, a grey v-neck t-shirt, a black jacket, black jeans and black converse. The dark circles under her eyes told me she hadn't slept in a while.
I realized that I hadn't moved and she was staring at me as if she wanted me to move, which I did.
I walked to the register and asked for my favorite brand of cigarettes. I paid for everything and walked out the door that left a ringing sound behind me as I made my way out.

Today was the day. Cancer research had reached it's final chapter. Three days ago, the group of scientists that had come up with the cure finalised the initial testings and this evening they would draw lots at random to pick the eight people who would try out the cure. People didn't know whether to wish to be picked or wish not to be picked. If the cure worked then you would be immune to all types of cancer, but if it didn't, nobody knew what would happen. "Time to go!" mum called nervously from downstairs. I paused the YouTube video I was watching (A WILD JACKSEPTICEYE APPEARS! | The Sims 4 - Part 24 if you must know) and headed downstairs. I didn't feel nervous or hopeful, I just felt like ... nothing. Everything that was about to happen seemed unreal ... like it didn't matter. Hopefully when I got there the sincerity would hit me.

I arrived at London square. Large banners stating "Southern England meeting point - cancer draw" hung across the area. A large crowd had gathered already even though it wouldn't be starting for another 15 minutes. A stage was at the centre of the crowd. Four men, middle aged and wearing lab coats like an everyday jacket, stood at the edges holding glass bowls containing loads of slips of paper (presumably everyone's names). A woman in a similar style of clothing stepped forward towards a microphone. "Is everyone ready?" she said in a calm yet purposeful voice. Everyone looked around but none had a reason not to proceed. "Can the first name from the 50+ category please be called." She began. One of the four men called, "John Harrison Plantley, 62, Cambridge." A man wearing a grey t-shirt and jeans with short salt and pepper hair emerged from the crowd and was directed to one of the eight seats in the centre of the stage."Can the second name from the 30 to 50 category please be called." The lady said, expressionless. "Jade Sidney Darrensgate, 32, Liverpool." Another man called. A woman emerged from the crowd and sat in the seat next to John. Next was Samuel Harvey Tennison from the 18 to 30 category. Then came my category, the under 18's. The last man opened his mouth and said, "(y/n), (y/a), (where you live)." My heart filled with fear. That was me.

The other 7 contestants and I were taken to a science lab where we were shown a man with short black hair, blue eyes and Latina skin. He was wearing a lab coat, a navy t-shirt with a pocket and army-green jeans with a brown belt. "Hello, my name is Henry Paxton and I will be administering you the cure. I am also the head of the team of scientist who developed the cure so I assure you, you are in safe hands. There are two ways in which we will give you the cure. One set of four will get an injection, and the other set will drink the cure." Before he could carry on, your mouth decided it had something to say, "I am NOT having an injection." You blurted. He looked at you kindly, "why not?" Henry asked. You took a deep breath, "I have a phobia of needles, I literally feel sick just thinking about then now." You shut your eyes trying not to throw up or cry. "Ok then, go and sit in the room to your left." He soothed. A few minutes later, 3 people from the 3 other categories walked in and sat next to me. About 5 minutes after that, Dr. Paxton walked in and handed us all small glasses of a vibrant blue, transparent liquid. "Drink up," he smiled, "in the morning come back and we'll check up on how your body responds to the cure. Ok?" we all drank the cure before heading home.

It had been hot, and humid in the desert were we dwelled. Not a cloud in the sky. An average day.
"Andy!" I hear my name screamed from a distance away.
Claire was the first person I thought of. I could recognize her voice anywhere.
I run off in the direction from where I heard her scream.
"Andy, where are you going?" Ashley asks.
"It's Claire, she's in danger. " I run for miles, not coming across anything but sand and stone. But as I continue running I see a black siloette lying on the ground.
As I get closer, I see her. Her red hair is stained with a darker red. Her body sprawled out on the desert floor, blood surrounding her.
I drop down by her side, and grab her hand. Teardrops start to fall down my face at a more rapid pace by the second. I bend down and kiss her pale cheek. And as I do, I hear a soft sniffling sound coming from her.
My heart skips a beat at the thought that she might be still alive. I pick her up gently, and run as swiftly as I can back to camp.
As I get closer, everyone starts running towards me, asking if Claire was all right, I didn't answer because I didn't know whether Jinxx could help her or not. I carry her to his tent and lie her on his bed.
"She's still breathing, can you do anything?" I ask him as he walks closer to me.
"I may be able to revive her, but I don't know. Her breathing is very weak, but I'll do what I can Andy. I know how much she means to you."
Hours pass as I sit waiting for any news on if Claire would be all right or not. If she was really dead, I didn't know what I would do. I thought of going to attack F.E.A.R. alone, but I knew that would just get me killed as well. And I knew she wouldn't want me to do something so stupid.
"Without her at least" I smile a bit at the thought.
Jinxx comes out of the tent with a grim look on his face. "I tried everything. But she's gone, I'm sorry Andy."
I sit there in silence, not believing what I'd just heard. She couldn't be gone. This was impossible. I get up and walk into the tent where she was lying on the ground, a sheet covering her body.
I kneel beside her and take the sheet off her head, revealing her cold but still beautiful face. Why did she have to be so stupid and go out alone? If she hadn't, she would still be here.
I lay down beside her and wrap her in my arms, Jinxx walks in but says nothing, knowing the pain I was in. He had done the same when Sammi had been killed. This wasn't fair.
As I lie there, I start to feel her chest move up and down. I sit up in amazement, and as I do I feel her grab my arm. Her eyelashes start to flutter as if waking up from a long sleep. Her eyes open and soon enough, her brilliant green eyes meet my blue ones.
"Andy..." She says softly.
"Claire...I thought I'd lost you." A few happy tears stream down my face, as I stroke her cheek.
Ashley walks in, as to comfort me and sees her alive. He runs back out and Jinxx returns with him.
"How is this possible?" Jinxx asks dumbfounded. He kneels down on the other side of her, and examines her. "She was dead five minutes ago. "
"I have absolutely no idea. I'm just as amazed as you are." A few tears still lingering on my face, myself smiling like an idiot.
"I love you." Claire says in a soft voice.
"I love you too. Just promise that you'll never go out alone like that again, I don't want to lose you."
"I promise."
Sarah's POV
"Sarah! Sarah! Wake up! It's adoption day!" Mathew said." UHHH why do I have to it's not like anyone is gonna adopt me." I said. "Come on at least have some faith!" Mathew said. "Fine, fine I will get ready!" I said
15 mins later
Sarah came out wearing a minecraft shirt that said Herobrine and jeans and a blue hoodie.
My eyes changed colors. I have long brown hair that's goes down to my feet. "MATHEW!" I yelled. Mathew bolted up the stairs. "Please come help me!"I said. Mathew helped me braid my hair since the other girls don't like me. "CHILDREN COME DOWN ITS ADOPTION TIME!!!"yelled Miss.Calvert. Mathew and I ran down the stairs and got in line with everyone else.
Adams POVWe arrived at the orphanage just in time. Ian and Ty were helping me. We are looking for a 16-18 year old girl, who is energetic,happy, loves to play and hates squids. Ty, Ian and I walked in and got straight to work looking for girl.
Sarah's POV When I saw Adam and Ty and Ian walk in I was so happy. I felt my eyes change from grey to yellow. Ian walked over to me. "Hi what's your name?" Ian asked." Um....hi it's Sarah."I said. "Cool. I have a few questions first, do you like to game? Second, do you have any medical conditions and third what are your other hobbies?" Ian asked "Well I don't have medical conditions. I love to play games like minecraft and other games and my hobbies are draw,paint, hang with friends, read and practice gymnastics." I said. "Ok I think we know who we will adopt." Ian said. "Hey Ty and Adam I found someone!" Ian yelled to them. "Awesome let's adopt her then!" Adam said.
Ty's POVAfter we talked to the girl Ian found we decided it was her we would adopt. We walked over to the counter and told the lady who we would adopt. She handed us the papers and Adam filled them out. Then Adam told her to go pack her things.
Sarah's POV"OMG! I got adopted!" I said to Mathew."YAY! Who adopted you?" Mathew asked. "TEAMCRAFTED!" I yelled. " AWESOME!" Yelled Mathew." I'm gonna miss you." I said as I felt my eye color change to blue." I will miss you too but, don't worry we can always Skype ok?" Mathew said. "Ok. Well bye." I said. "Bye Sarah." Mathew said back.
I went upstairs and packed everything. I packed my sketch books my reading books and my 5 pairs of clothes. I walked down the stairs and gave Mathew a goodbye hug and then walked over to Adam. "Well LESSSGO!" Adam said. We walked out to the parking lot and got in the car. Adam was the driver and Ty was the passenger, while Ian and I sat in back.
Adams POV"Hey I never caught your name." I said. "Oh yeah. It's Sarah." Sarah said. "Cool." I said. I turned on the radio trying to break the ice. The car ride home was silent.
"Woah! It's huge!" Sarah said. "Well yeah." Ian said. We walked in and everyone yelled "WELCOME HOME!"..."OMG! Thanks guys I love it!" Sarah said. Everyone gave her presents and she loved them all. Afterwards I showed her to her room.
Sarah's POVEveryone gave me a bunch of presents. I loved them all. Then Adam showed me to my room. My room had blue walls and a rainbow colored bed. It has a desk with a laptop and a recording set. It had my own bathroom and a big dresser. I shooed the boys out so I could unpack I put everything away and then came back downstairs.
While I was gone they ordered pizza. We waited for about 15 mins and then the pizza came. We all chowed down. After we ate we watched a movie. It was The Avengers. Then it was time to go to bed. I headed upstairs and Adam tucked me in. "Goodnight Sarah" Adam said. "Goodnight Adam"I said, and then I fell into a deep slumber.
The next morning I woke up and went in my bathroom. I looked at myself. I had long silver hair instead of brown hair. "OH NOOO!" I screamed. I ran over to the door and locked it. "SARAH WHATS WRONG?? LET ME INNN!!!!!" Adam yelled. That was the last thing I heard before I blacked out.
so i guess this is some hella cool ask me book. i need questions to answer. it would help if you would ask something.
It's been two days at my foster family's house. No mansion. House. Anyway. I miss Jace. I wish he was here. And I hate The idea of doing this even more.'' Lydia! U almost ready?!'' My foster mom Katherine yells from downstairs. She has a son. And me. I sigh and head downstairs . Once we head to school me and nick are quiet the whole time. He heads to his group of friends as soon as we get there. - we walked.-I stand there and look around. A guy walks over to me.'' You lost?'' His face. It's covered by his hoodie. '' uh. No. I'm.'''' You hesitated.''  I smile.'' josh. What are u doing here?'''' Keeping an eye on u. Oh. I heard someone special goes to this school.'''' Not uh.'''' Mhm.'''' Where is he. Shoot.'' I say as I notice nick watching me. '' You have to go. Just. Tell me where he is.'''' Back.'' I nod and he walks away.  I look over at nick smiling as I look over. He smiles a bit but then frowns. He knows somethings up. I just head through The back of the school and once I arrive there no one is there but then I feel a quick breeze behind me. I smile as he touches my was it and kisses my neck.'' Jace.'' I whisper. He laughs a bit and pulls away. I turn around facing towards him. '' Does the leader know?'' He shakes his head. He also wears a hoodie. He looks around and gives me a hoodie.'' He went back to idris. How's ur foster family?'''' The brother. He's not what I expected. He's quiet but curious. How's ur foster family?'''' The girl. Uh. She's really stubborn.  And curious as well.'' I nod smiling a bit.  '' so. What class do u have first?'''' Um.'' I pull out my schedule. '' History.'''' Well. What a shock. I do to.''  He pauses. '' but that can wait.'' He pins me to the wall and we start to make out until the bell rings and a little bit after wards. We soon enough head in except once we reach the room we enter slowly. The teacher is a lady. She seems very flexible and she gives us our seats in no time. Once class has started I pay attention. But the girl cheerleader keeps staring at me. I look over at her. She looks away in anger.Once we have two free periods Jace and I walk around until the daughter of jace's family runs towards us. Soon enough I see the cheerleader watching me again.The girl starts talking to Jace asking who I am but I ignore them and walk towards her.'' excuse me. Can I help u?'''' Pardon me?'''' U keep staring at me . Is there a problem?'''' Oh no. It's the fact that ur new and well. U can take my popularity level down hill.'''' Lydia.'' Jace whispers. '' Cut it out.'' '' Well. I won't. '' I walk away but I dnt head back towards jace because I have to go back to my foster families house.
I kissed my fiancé, Caleb, goodbye as I lifted my suitcase off the floor. I was heading to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party, it was my last horrah, and I planned on a fun time.
"Why can't you just have a bachelorette party in town? Why Vegas?" he whined into my neck.
"Because I want to have fun! C'mon, don't you trust me?" I looked at him impatiently.
"It's just, I don't want anything to happen, Natalie. You know how it is there, people don't care what they do. I'm worried." He said sincerely.
"You know I'll be careful!" I told him. Why didn't he trust me?
"Okay, fine. But just please, can you take off your engagement ring? It's been in my family for generations, and I don't want you to lose it." He said.
"Caleb! Hell to the no! Why don't you trust me?" I was getting irritated.
"Please?" I gave him puppy eyes.
"Oh alright! But I swear to god please don't you lose it!"
I laughed. "I won't." He smiled.
"Okay babe I love you. I have to head to the airport. Bye." I kissed his nose and shut the door.
--
I walked into the airport to be greeted by my two best friends, Lily and Matty.
"Hey Natalie!" Lily greeted me over. "Okay, do you have everything? Phone? Keys? My god, did you close the garage door?" Matty questioned like a Jewish mother and I told her so.
"Alright do we have snacks, is there juice?" She said in a ridiculous mom voice. I laughed at her began to walk towards the wannabe Starbucks, I was so tired and needed a pick-me-up. Lily and Matty followed close behind, Lily flopping on a chair by a table and dropping her bags on the carpeted ground.
"I'll have a grande black coffee," I said to the barista, getting out my wallet as Matty ordered her coffee. "Lily, do you want anything?" I looked over to her slouching frame and she was practically dead. I laughed and have the barista my card.
Me and Matty walked over to where lily was sitting with our bags and dropped onto the chairs. I messed around on my phone until I looked at what time it was.
"It's 7, we'd better start heading to the plane," I yawned. That coffee did nothing but make me more tired. I picked up my suitcase and purse and we made our way to the plane.
My messy bun flopped to the side as I looked out the window to the just rising sun.
I gave the flight attendant my ticket and walked through the tunnel to the aircraft. I heard Lily's and Matty's footsteps close behind me as I walked onto plane and looked at my ticket for my seat.
I sighed as I realized that my seat was at the back of the plane, and way far from Lily's and Matty's.
"Great," I breathed as I stuffed my suitcase into the overhead compartment, making sure that I had grabbed my laptop.
I sunk into my seat, thanking God that I got the window seat, I couldn't stand being in the middle seat.
I plugged my headphones into my computer as I turned airplane mode on, my 'sleepy time' playlist flowing into my ears.
My eyes began to close and I looked out the window, the sun disappeared into rain clouds and drops of water pattered on my window.
I felt the engine of the plane rumble beneath me and I drifted off into a deep sleep.
(A/N): Okay so this fanfic is based off the movie "I married who?" so yeah, I kinda thought of this while on the toliet XD ~Mia
"Babe I'm going to pick up Lauryn" I tell Harry.
"Alright. See you in a few" Harry said.
"What no kiss?" I pouted.
"Oh come here" Harry laughed. I walked toward Harry as he was doing the dishes. He turned around wrapping his arms around my neck as I set my hands on his waist. I leaned in and pressed my lips into his. Harry smiled but kissed back.
"I love you" I smiled.
"I love you too" Harry smiled and kissed me again.
"Alright let me go or I'll be late" I laughed.
"Okay, go on" Harry pecked my lips a few more times before going back to the dishes.
...
I waited outside the school
for Lauryn to come running in my arms.
As the doors open I see Lauryn running to me.
"Daddy!" she smiled.
"Hi baby" I kissed her head, "How was school?".
"It was good" she said, "pick up".
"Ready. Set. Jump" I said as I swung her around and placed her on my hip.
"Papa home?", Lauryn asked.
"Yeah he's home" I said and placed her in her seat.
"I draw something but it a surprise, okay?" she put her finger over her lip.
"Okay" I laughed than buckled her in. I jogged to the driver side hopped in. I put the car in drive and headed home.
*
Lauryn fall asleep on the way home. I smiled and picked her up. I closed the car door, heading towards the front door, I opened the door to see Harry on the iPad poking stuff.
I walked around the couch and placed Lauryn on couch. Slowly I took off her backpack and laid it down by the door.
....
Harry POV.
"I got it" I told Niall.
"Okay" he sighed. I picked up Lauryn and took her to her room.
"Niall" I called out.
"What?" he asked.
"I'm going out for a bit to see my mum and Gemma" I lied.
"Oh okay" he smiled. I pecked his lips and left.
*
I parked my car in Zayn driveway.
I knocked on the door and waited.
"Hey babe" Zayn smiled and kissed me. I kissed back but pulled away.
"We need to talk" I said.
"Yeah, come in" he said and I strolled inside to the couch.
"I've been thinking about this for a awhile..." I trailed.
"Go on" he said as he sat down.
"You know I have a daughter who is 5 years old..." I said and Zayn nods, "I don't technically think seeing you is a good idea. I have a beautiful loving boyfriend and a sweet innocent daughter to care for and I can't let them down. Zayn I love you and all but I can't do it".
"What the fuck, Harry! I thought we had something special!" Zayn yelled.
"Sorry! I'm not about to reck my future by dating you! I'm tired of hurting the people I love" I screamed, "don't contract me".
I got in my car and drove off.
...
Niall POV.
"Lauryn! Come out", I laughed.
Were hiding seek and she's so good at it.
"Papa is home!" I lied.
"Papa!" she screamed.
"Gotcha!" I laughed and picked her up.
"Again" she smiled showing her dipples.
"Tomorrow. Its bath time" I kissed her head.
"Good, I stink!" she wrinkled her nose. I laughed and sat her down on the toilet as I ran the water.
"Daddy, help me" she said. I turned around to pull off her shirt.
After undressing Lauryn I heard the door open.
"Is that papa? I want him" Lauryn pouted.
"I don't know babe" I sighed. I washed her up than dried her.
I brushed out her hair letting it down.
"Ow! I got it" she glared.
"Okay, Miss. Mean" I laughed, "Come on. Bedtime".
...
I put on some shorts and entered my bedroom. Surprised I see Harry on the bed asleep.
"Really" I sighed. Made my way to the bed turning off the light and laid down.
"Niall?" Harry turned around wrapping his arm around me.
"Yeah?" I looked at him.
"You okay?" he asked.
"Super fine" I smiled.
"Good" he smiled,"Was Lauryn good?".
"She cried for an hour because you left" I sighed and scooted close to Harry.
"I'll make it up to her" he sighed, "But I wanna do something".
"That is" I asked confused.
With no answer Harry climbed on top of me putting half his weight on me. I laughed but kissed him.
"I missed you deeply" Harry smirked.
"I missed you too" I smiled.
"So let's make up it" he smiled.
"Lauryn..." I stopped.
"I'll cover your mouth" Harry said and without an answer from me, things got heated.
"Hey can you take down the trash? " Dad asked me as he finished stuffing the last of the trash into a garbage bag."I can't reach it. " I said reaching for the garbage bag, from my comfy position on the couch watching "Gravity Falls". "Oh lookie!  Is this a 20$ bill?" Dad said waving a 20 dollar bill. "WHAT IS MY MISSON? " I imediately jumped off of the couch, but then quickly turned around and paused the show. I walked up to where dad stood holding the garbage. I slipped into a pair of random sneakers and grabbed the bag, and 20 dollars,  and began dragging the bag to the metalic trashcan.I pulled up the cover and threw the trash in.
But just as I began walking back, I saw a creature, it was inhuman, bloodied body, tatered, ripped, blood soaked clothing. His hair was mainly ripped off and chunks of his skin were missing, causing bones to stick out in weird angles. It looked around ignoring me but still walking towards my house.
Luckily before he limped to the door, and broke it or my dad opened it thinking it was me. A gun shot was heard and the body fell. I gulped and started crying in fear, as the Soilders picked up the corpse, my family piled out and mom hugged me tightly as the guards spoke to my dad.
~~~~~TIME SKIP CAUSE I CAN~~~•~~
The next day, they told us we were moving to somewhere called CDC. We wwould get rooms that we would have to share. Obviously it was, mom & dad and me & my sister, Maebelle.
I held her fragile,  little hand as we walked to a car, while a truck, filled with our stuff (except furniture and stuff like that) followed closely behind us.
We were driving through a small Georgian town as we stooped to get gas. Me and my sister sat outside on a bench as a little boy a little older than me, came up to us.
"Hi I'm Carl." He said with a smile. "I'm Lyric that's my little sister Maebelle. " I pointed to myself then my sister. " I like your name, do you llike music? " I nodded my head and giggled." Where are you going? " Carl aasked obvious if the truck and police men.So I explained the (long) story to him."Carl! There you are!" A woman yelled."Oh sorry. Is he your son?" My mom asked, while I didn't even now she came back."Sorry was he bothering you? " The woman asked."No. We become friends. " I answered for mom."Oh how about we exchange numbers, so you guys could see eachother again." Said the woman."OK sure. I'm Serena." Mom introduced herself. "I'm Lori. " The woman, Lori said.They exchanged numbers and just as I was about to get into the car, Carl ran up to me."Just in case we don't meet again. " He planted a soft small kiss on my cheek and ran away, waving.I waved back with one hand on my cheek.
My mom giggled and told me to go inside, while still laughing.
Well these two days were weird.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~AN~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Omg that was sorta hard. TOO ME A WHOLE HOUR. You better like it! Haha. Lol JK. YOU MUST LIKE IT. In the story she is 8 carl is 9.
Dear Austin,

They say one summer can change everything. In those few short weeks, spent down by the sea, running in the sand, outside enjoying the sun with those you cared about, eating food from the Barbeque, just one thing could happen that would change your life forever.

I'd never really believed that though, the summer's where always uneventful for me. They where mostly spent with my best friend Aaron, getting into as much trouble as we could, just the typical teenage things, nothing big. You know like, smoking your first joint, or drinking your first beer and getting trashed on it because you're a teenage light weight. Climbing tree's, buildings, anything we could find. Skateboarding down the near by skatepark, thinking we where big and clever and usually ending up with a limb in a cast, or concussion. But nothing life changing ever happened.

For me, the one time my life did change, was in the middle of winter when I was eight. We'd visited family over in Alaska, something we'd done every two years for Christmas since I was born. It was the day after boxing day and we where due to go home the next day, so we where back in time to spend New Years with our friends and family at home in Florida. My mom and older brother had gone out to the store to get a few little things to bring back, little souvenir's for our friends and to put on our little display at home. But...they never came back. My mom and brother where hit by a car who'd lost control on some black ice. My mom, survived thankfully, but my brother's injuries where too sever and he lost his life in the hospital that night. I'll never forget that night, it still haunts me now when Christmas time rolls around.

But, after that, I learned to live, I learned to survive, as hard as it was and my life from then was uneventful. Thought to me that wasn't a bad thing, after suffering that, I was pretty thankful for the uneventful times of my life. No mess, no drama, no tears, no worries, just...living easy, not having a care in the world. Sure my life hadn't be completely drama free, I'd gone through the typical life drama, but nothing big or that I couldn't handle.

But then came the summer of 2000, I was just twenty two and I met you.
"We have no choice, Avalon."
"That's not fair!"
"Look, we just can't let you continue to suffer in your condition."
"I don't care! My condition doesn't matter!"
"Yes it does."
Avalon's fist slammed onto Doc's desk. She was furious. She hissed, "My condition is not the problem with me!" Doc said with a sigh, "I have to have you studied in isolation here at CPC; otherwise, you're going to get worse. This is to prove that you can handle being locked up without trying to break out." Avalon yelled, "You can't do that!" Doc gave her a sad look. He didn't have a choice. Reed was trying to convince the council that she was too unstable to handle her job at all. Avalon wanted to prove her wrong.
Doc said, "I can't stop this, Avalon. This is just how it has to be." She yelled, "Stop this madness! You're sanefor crying out loud! Why are you doing this?" Doc said, "I have no choice." Avalon screamed, "Yes you do!" Doc jumped when she screamed at him. Doc saw the anger and hate in her eyes. He said in a low and sad voice, "I'm sorry." Avalon cursed again and she punched the desk and this time, her hand made a popping sound, and so did her wrist. She winced and cradled her arm to her chest. Doc then noticed the blood on the desk and noticed her knuckles were bleeding. Avalon turned away and hissed, "Fine! Do whatever!" She slammed the door behind her with her good arm. She went to the elevator and hit the button.
For the past four months, things have been too tense and too stressful. For Avalon, that's how she felt most of the time. Due to her PTSD, she finally gave in to her insanity. She stopped fighting once again. Since the incident of roof, CPC has split up the criminals from the mentally inside. Now, not from the CPC tower, there were two buildings that divided the criminals and the mentally insane. Sadly, most of the cells were taken out but two floors and the isolation chambers. The other floors in CPC were used for more space, offices, storage, a training simulator, laser tag used for training, and a gym.
Sadly, though, Avalon still felt as if nothing changed. That Zero, Vence, Carver, or George were still alive and not turned to ashes after they were killed by Avalon and Kyle. It made Avalon shiver to think about it. It made her wonder how Kyle could sleep at night after that afternoon...after everything that happened in the month that he was there. She wondered why he stayed at all when he could've been just a prisoner of CPC and been safe or killed himself...why did he live on or keep himself as an agent? It made Avalon wonder sometimes why he hung around at all. It didn't make sense at all. It made no sense to Avalon. But then again, some things never made sense to her.
As Avalon stood in the elevator to her apartment floor, she wanted to know more about the truth. She wanted answers. She waited as the elevator rose to her floor. She shivered, seeming to feel as if she were about to be in danger. She was cautious when the door to the elevator open as a shadow ran into her. Avalon was thrown into the metal wall in the elevator. She cursed as she fell onto the floor and opened her eyes after she shut them from the pain in her head. Then, she heard a voice wince and then movement came after. Avalon's eyes flew open as she bolted up. She looked to see a person wearing all black with a hood over the person's head, which was face down. Avalon ripped the hood off their head and saw short black hair.
She hissed, "Kyle!" He groaned and sat up slowly. He rubbed his forehead. Then, Avalon heard voices. Kyle hit the button to another floor randomly and he asked, "Are you okay?" Avalon rubbed the back of her head and said, "You threw me into a metal wall. What do you think?" Kyle sighed and Avalon asked, "Did we head-butt each other?" Kyle said, "No, we both hit the metal wall...but I was forehead first." Avalon frowned and the doors to the elevator closed. Avalon asked, "Why did you just run into an elevator randomly?" Kyle rubbed his forehead and said, "No reason." Avalon said bitterly, "Tell me."
Kyle sighed and said, "Victoria was throwing a fit...and she may have thrown a knife at my head." Avalon asked, "What did you do this time?" Kyle said, "I argued it wasn't fair that Reed was suggesting we have you locked up." Avalon rubbed her head and said, "It's hard to trust anyone these days." Kyle said, "I trust you...just not everyone else...except Silva." Avalon shrugged and said, "I guess." Kyle looked at her and Avalon said, avoiding the subject, "Anyways, I don't think that she's herself these days." Kyle nodded and said, "I think you're right."
Avalon looked at him and she asked, "Do you really think they're together?" Kyle said, "Probably not official, but yes." Avalon sat against the metal wall and said, "It was about time, anyways." Kyle smirked and said, "I didn't think you'd say something like that." Avalon said, "It's obvious." Kyle rolled his eyes a little and said, "Anyways...I'm heading to the training room for laser tag. Do you wanna come?" Avalon said, "Sure." Kyle smiled and said, "It'll be fun...and it'll clear your head." Avalon smiled and said, "I could use that."
Kyle nodded and then they stood up at the same time. Kyle asked, "How's your head?" Avalon said, "Better. Yours?" Kyle said, "Fine besides the panic of a knife getting thrown at my head and missed by three feet." Avalon said, "Victoria was really ticked off then." Kyle said, "Yeah, she was." Avalon shrugged and the doors opened. They walked out of the elevator and then they walked into a giant room with two-story walls and blacked out windows.
They walked to the counter and saw Cathy. She said, "Hey guys." Avalon asked, "Why are you up here?" Cathy shrugged and said, "They were short on staff today, so Jones is paying me to work here on my day off. I don't really mind it, though." Kyle nodded and said, "We're here to play laser tag." Cathy said, "Cool. Just sign the clipboard in front of you and go get your gear." They nodded and Kyle signed the board. Avalon did too, and they went to the room with their gear. They wore the special vest and grabbed their guns. Kyle set his to yellow, and Avalon's was set to purple. They walked outside and went down the hall to the entrance. When they opened the doors, they walked inside. Nobody was there. Kyle said, "We get ten seconds to run." Avalon nodded and they ran off. Kyle went right, and she went left.
As she ran, Avalon ran into a place with trees painted black with glowing red paint on it. She looked around nervously and saw more red pain that glowed. She started breathing heavy and kept going. She then saw green and orange paint too. When she saw the other colors, she relaxed. Then, she heard someone coming. She hid behind a block. She glanced up and saw Kyle climbing up a catwalk that had ropes hanging from it. He then ran cross and then Avalon watched him run to the other side and he hid behind something. Avalon started to wonder around the area until she saw a yellow light flash. She ducked down and ran for cover. Kyle called out, "Give up, Avalon. I'll destroy you." Avalon yelled, "In your dreams."
Then, she ran threw the barrels and boxes and other objects she couldn't identify to find a ladder. She noticed it was to the catwalk. She rushed up the ladder and hid behind a crate. She saw Kyle's yellow target move. She aimed and fired, and then his vest lit up and Kyle winced as he was shocked by the vest. Whenever someone was shot, they'd get shocked. When it was just the two of them, they played until the other got shot five times. Now, Kyle had four more lives. He yelled, "I'll get you for that, Aves!" She laughed coldly and then waited. When she ran to the catwalk, Kyle was standing at the other side of it. He ran to her and they pointed their guns at each other. Avalon said, "I'll shoot." Kyle said, "So will I."
Avalon asked, "What's it gonna be? Surrender, or be finished off?" Kyle smiled and said, "I have an idea." Avalon laughed and then she kicked his gun out of his hand and down below. Kyle cursed and Avalon asked, "What's it gonna be?" A voice said, "You're both dead." Avalon turned, and then a red laser shot her. She winced and held onto the railing that kept her from falling ten feet onto a mountain of random objects that could really hurt her. She looked to see Victoria holding a laser gun and wearing a red vest, and Silva with a gun and green vest.
Kyle asked, "What are you doing, Victoria?" She said, "Practicing for when she loses her mind." Avalon gulped and Kyle ran past her as Victoria lunged at him. When she did, Avalon was thrown onto the metal catwalk. She winced as she stood and she saw Kyle's gun. She went to get it to the left, but Silva grabbed her arm. He pointed at her target and said, "Not so fast." Avalon gulped and Silva said, "We're playing against both of you." Avalon swung at his head and he grabbed her fist. He pushed her against the railing, but she fell backwards.
She fell onto a crate and it smashed on impact. When she heard Kyle call her name, but she was trying to shake off the pain in her head. She managed to grab her gun and get up.
At the same moment, Kyle was fighting Victoria. He looked down into the blackness and didn't see Avalon's neon target or anything. He looked at Silva and he ran to the ladder. Victoria punched Kyle in the head and he leaned against the railing, trying not to fall off. He ran to the other side and to the ladder as Silva searched where Avalon could've been. Kyle raced down the ladder and looked around. He ran and then saw a bright purple target. He ran to Avalon and she handed him his gun. Kyle asked lowly, "Are you okay?" Avalon nodded and said, "Yeah, the crate broke my fall." Kyle gulped and then he heard Silva yell, "Come out and play, guys!" Kyle hissed, "Run!" Avalon nodded and they ran to another area where hardly any paint was, just darkness. Kyle and Avalon crouched down behind a tower of barrels.
Kyle whispered, "Let's wait." Avalon nodded and then, Victoria's voice called, "Come out and die!" Then, Avalon felt her heart jump. She gasped and saw the image of Victoria holding a gun to her head and saying, "Time to die...old friend." Then, Avalon started shaking and Kyle asked, "What's wrong?" Avalon just took off running into the open. Kyle was shocked. Avalon yelled, "I'm right here!" Then, he saw Victoria and Silva run towards her, and she ran off. Kyle cursed and ran after them, but then he heard something unusual. He heard Avalon wincing in pain. Kyle felt rage fill his veins and he ran towards the area. Then, he saw Avalon on the ground, gasping for air. Then, Victoria aimed at him and shot him, but this shot was intensified from the original setting. He growled in anger as the shocks sent him onto the floor. Then, he saw Victoria lift up Avalon by her vest and throw her against a crate. Avalon winced and growled, "I'll kill you." Victoria smiled and she aimed at her target. So did Silva. Then, they both shot her at the same time. She yelled in pain. Kyle then rose to his feet and lunged at Victoria and Silva. When he did, he took their guns and fired at them until they were squirming on the ground, gasping for air.
They both stopped howling in pain and anger by then. Kyle ran over to Avalon and she was shaking. Kyle looked at her and he saw her dark eyes seem lighter and wider than before. Avalon said lowly, "I'm okay." Kyle said, "No, you're not." Then, Avalon slowly stood and then, Victoria yelled from the floor, "Die!" Avalon winced and then started shaking again. Then, Victoria stood and grabbed her gun from off the floor. She aimed at Kyle and said, "I'll make you pay for that." Kyle gulped and then when she pulled the trigger, Avalon pushed him aside and took it. She screamed in pain and fell onto the ground. Silva rose up again and aimed at her.
Kyle looked at Victoria and growled, "Die!" Then, he shot her for the fifth time and she fell onto the ground, and she was turned into a robot with a vest on. Kyle said, "I don't know why they turned into killers, but this isn't cool." Avalon said, "It's training, not fun. They were sent probably by someone with the controls." Kyle nodded and said, "Let's go." Avalon said, "Not until we terminate the other one." Kyle nodded and then Silva shot Avalon. She howled in pain and Kyle shot him twice. Then, Silva fell onto the floor as the cyber-mask disappeared and he was now just a robot. Avalon gasped for air and Kyle got on his knees beside her.
He helped her sit up and she was shaking. Kyle asked, "What's the matter?" Avalon shivered and said, "They were so real." Kyle said, "Yeah, but that's why they're robots." Avalon shook her head and Kyle asked, "You okay?" Avalon said, "I saw her. She...she was going to kill me." Kyle asked with shock, "Who? Victoria?" Avalon nodded and Kyle said, "No way, Aves. She'd never hurt you." Avalon looked hurt and confused. Kyle said, "Come on, let's go."
Avalon shook her head and Kyle sat beside her. Avalon's breathing started to get heavy, so she pulled out a gun from her pocket. Kyle grabbed her hand and said, "No, Avalon. Don't." She said, "I'll be okay. Just carry me to my apartment and tell them I got knocked out by a training robot when I fell off the catwalk." Kyle said, "You know what it'll do to you." Avalon said, "I know...but I'm on the verge of a panic attack...I do this when I have no choice." Kyle shook his head and then he took the gun from her. He stood and Avalon kicked his hand. Kyle winced and the gun fell to the ground. Avalon quickly grabbed it and pointed it at herself. Then, the gun fired and a dart landed into her shoulder. She gasped just before she couldn't move.
Kyle leaned down to Avalon and he said, "I hope you realize what you've done." He saw the look in her eyes. She knew it and Avalon didn't care. He carefully pulled out the dart that was in her shoulder. Kyle sighed and picked her up. Her head rested against his shoulder. Kyle sighed and said, "I never get used to this." Then, he walked out with her. He put the gear away and rushed out before anyone saw him. Kyle glared at Avalon, who was probably exhausted. Kyle sighed and looked at the doors to the elevator. Kyle didn't think of anything but how much pain she must've been in to be willing to shoot herself...but Avalon was strong and irrational in her own way. For her, it was a good idea.
Kyle could feel her slow breathing against his shoulder. Kyle thought about her warm breath that blew against his shoulder. I can't understand how she can be so harmless right now...and become a killer full of bloodlust, he thought. Then, he looked down and realized she was sound asleep. Kyle smiled and the doors opened moments later. He walked out of the elevator and walked to Avalon's apartment. He unlocked the door and went inside. He turned on the lights and went to her bedroom. Kyle put her down carefully and looked down at her. She looked pale and exhausted. Kyle sighed and he thought about how tired and horrible she'd feel in the morning. But, as he stood there, he could already see in his mind her nightmares. He winced as the images of blood and dead bodies filled his vision. He backed into the wall and slid down as he heard Avalon's screams inside his head.
He saw Avalon screaming and crying as blood covered her body from the blood of her friends that were lying on the floor. Kyle blinked and caught his breath. He crawled over to where Avalon was and he said, "I'm sorry, Avalon. I know it hurts, but I promise, it'll go away." Then, he heard her whimpering and her body started shuttering. This isn't her fault, and she's suffering because of what happened...because of her pain...she can't make peace with herself. She can't even stop screaming when she's just seeing a nightmare,Kyle thought in a very depressing and sad way. Kyle took her hand and then he saw images of pain and suffering. He even saw her drowning. He shook his head and then said, "It's not real, Avalon." He saw her look around in the dark waters and he said again, "Stop being afraid. It's the past." He then saw her start screaming in what sounded like anger. Kyle said lowly, "Just relax." He then noticed Avalon's fighting get worse against the darkness. Kyle blinked into reality and wondered what he could do.
Then, he noticed Avalon looked in pain. He said softly, "I'm here for you. Whether or not anyone else is, I am." He took her hand again and saw the image of her lying in a bed of white roses under a blue moon above her. She was sound asleep, and she wore all black. Kyle smiled and blinked. He said softly, "You're improving, Avalon. Little by little." He stood and turned off the lights when he left her apartment.
The next morning, Kyle was in his apartment and was sitting in the living room. Then, he heard a soft knock on his door. He stood and opened the door. He saw Avalon, who looked sickly and weak, standing against the doorway. Kyle said quickly, "You should be resting." Avalon said, "I can't just lie around all the time." Kyle helped her inside and shut the door. Avalon sat down on the couch and Kyle sat beside her. He asked, "What's going on?" Avalon said, "You know I need help." Kyle said, "You're going to have to be more specific about what kind of help." Avalon rolled her eyes and said, "About my PTSD."
Kyle blinked and looked at her. She hadn't really talked about it but with Doc, and suddenly, she just brought it up. Kyle asked, "Are you okay?" Avalon slapped his arm and he winced. She said, "I'm being serious." Kyle rubbed his arm and nodded. He asked, "What do you wanna do about it?" Avalon sighed and said, "I know I'm going to get locked up, Kyle." His heart did a backflip. Why was she saying things like that?
"What are you saying?" Kyle demanded.
"I'm saying that I should turn myself in."
"ARE YOU INSANE?!"
"Hey! Don't yell at me...and I am insane!"
"Too insane to do this!"
"It's for the best, Kyle! If one more thing happens to anyone...I don't know what I'll do or what I'll become."
Avalon looked angry. Kyle growled, "You can't do that." Avalon stood and asked, "Why not?" Kyle hissed, "Because once you leave, you'll never come back!" Avalon said, "I don't care anymore! I turned you insane, and now I'm going to do myself and you a favor! The world will be happier!" Kyle pulled out his dart gun and aimed at her. He said, "Stop it, Avalon." Avalon shivered and asked, "What are you doing?" Kyle said, "One more word like that and I'll fire and turn you into Doc right now."
Avalon barked, "Do it!" Kyle then realized she wouldn't let him hurt himself. Kyle put his gun up and pulled out the real one. Avalon's whole body seemed to turn pale as he did so. Avalon said lowly, "Kyle..." He aimed at himself and Avalon's whole body started shaking. She lunged at him and threw him onto the floor. She managed to get the gun away from him and pin him down to the ground. Avalon said darkly, "Kyle!" He said, "It's the only way to make you stop." Kyle saw Avalon's eyes turn broken like glass. She knew how he felt when she talked about turning herself it. It was like if he said he'd kill himself or turn himself in.
Avalon said, "Never do that again." Kyle said, "Only if you promise me you won't turn yourself in." Avalon shook her head and it hung above Kyle's chest. Kyle said softly, "If you ever threaten or say that again, I'll do it." Avalon shook her head and said in a broken voice, "No...Please." Kyle nodded and Avalon said, "Thank you." He nodded and she stood up. Kyle stood beside her and Avalon looked at him. She smacked him on the cheek and Kyle hissed, "What the heck?" Avalon said, "That's for threatening to kill yourself." Kyle sighed and Avalon said, "Never do it again." Kyle nodded and Avalon asked, "Now, can we talk? I would talk to Doc, but he really ("P")es me off."
Kyle nodded and they sat on the couch. Kyle and Avalon both faced each other. Avalon said, "This whole thing is ticking me off." Kyle said, "Yeah, and it's not fair. He knows what you've been threw." Avalon said, "I know and you do, but everyone says it's not an excuse and that I should be better than that." Kyle frowned and Avalon said darkly, "They don't understand anything, and they pretend to care, but they don't. It's like they're throwing knives at my face and in my back at the same time. One throws them at my face while the other throws one in my back." Kyle understood her point. It was how it seems. Silva and Victoria both seemed to be on her side, but they'd stab her in the back later and then stab her in the face with everything she hates about herself.
Avalon said, "If they knew the truth, they'd understand why I'm like this. It's not fair that everyone can see things in me that are true, but I just see a monster." Kyle said, "You're not a monster. You're a person. A very strong person with a hard and painful life. If they knew how it felt, they'd understand you so much better." Avalon said, "You're the only one who understands me." Kyle smiled and said, "Because I don't look at the surface, I look into farther than the surface. If someone took one look at you, they'd be afraid of you. If they knew you, they'd never fear you." Avalon said, "You were afraid of me." Kyle laughed and said, "That's because I know you will hurt me...just not enough to matter in my opinion." Avalon nodded shyly and looked at the ceiling. She said, "It feels like you've been here forever, ya know? I don't think I'd be this person without you." Kyle said, "Nothing's changed about you but your anger." Avalon laughed coldly and said, "I guess so."
Kyle thought about how she was when he first met her. She was very intimidating. Kyle could easily remember wondering if she would kill him in his sleep, which he doubted usually...but sometimes he really did fear her. Kyle said, "You're not so scary when you're happy." Avalon shrugged and said, "I guess." Kyle then noticed that her eyes were now bright and thoughtful. She looked as if she were in thought about something she couldn't fully understand. Kyle asked, "What are you thinking about?" Avalon sighed and said, "How I'm going to even pretend that I'm not totally insane." Kyle said, "You're not completely insane, Avalon. You're just different."
Avalon sighed and said, "Whatever." Kyle then felt a chill go down his body. He then saw the image of Avalon screaming and breaking down from the pain she seemed to be in. He saw how cold and dead her eyes were. Kyle blinked and heard Avalon asked, "Are you okay?" Kyle nodded and said, "Yeah." Avalon asked, "What's wrong?" Kyle said, "Nothing." Avalon sat up and said, "Tell me." Kyle sighed and said, "I just know that you're in a lot of pain...or you will be." Avalon shivered and asked, "Are you sure you're not insane?" Kyle said, "I am, but when I see something, it happens almost every time unless I stop it." Avalon asked, "What can you see?" Kyle sighed and said, "Your nightmares, when you're about to wake up screaming, and when something important happens." Avalon asked, "What about my nightmares?"
Kyle sighed and said, "I see you flipping out about everyone dying. Usually me, Silva, Victoria, Doc, and Reed are the dead people. Zero is usually there or Vence or someone else." Avalon shivered and said, "It's scary that you can see all that." Kyle looked at her and said, "It doesn't scare me much...unless you get killed." Avalon's eyes widened. She asked, "Why when I die?" Kyle said, "Because you're my best friend. I won't want to see you hurt or killed. It's not right." Avalon said, "It makes sense."
Kyle nodded and avoided her gaze.You don't know the half of it, Avalon. You really don't, Kyle thought. Avalon yawned and said, "I'm bored." Kyle said, "Maybe you should talk a little more about your brain." Avalon sighed and said, "I guess so." Kyle asked, "When's the last time you had real sleep?" Avalon said, "Last night. A week ago...and a week before that." Kyle said, "You should be on sleeping medication." Avalon said, "Doc says I don't need the medication. I need to relax and whatever." Kyle said, "Either way, you still need some sort of medication." Avalon rolled her eyes and then said, "You wish."
Kyle then felt his watch vibrate. He looked at the main screen and saw it was a message from Kate. "How are you and your love bird doing?" Avalon asked with a smirk. Kyle said bitterly, "She's just my friend." Avalon laughed and said, "Yeah, sure." Kyle sighed and then said, "Whatever." He turned off the main screen and looked at Avalon. He then saw the image of her crying suddenly appear to mind with an orange glow against her. Kyle blinked and then looked at Avalon. He asked, "Are you sure you're okay?" Avalon nodded and said, "Yeah. Why?" Kyle said, "No reason." Avalon nodded and leaned back. She looked up again at the ceiling and said, "I don't know how long this boring crap is going to go on." Kyle said, "It'll be over with soon enough. I know it will be."
-------------
Jones sat at his desk, waiting for Doc. He was waiting for his report. When Doc walked into the room moments after Jones looked up, he said, "I have my report." Jones said, "I'd like to see." Doc said, "I have the report, but I'm not done." Jones said, "Show me it, Doc." Doc sighed and handed it over. Jones observed the pages and looked at Doc. He asked, "Are you sure?" Doc said, "If one more thing happens, I'll have no choice. She'll be unstable beyond stability." Jones frowned and said, "I see...but I can't have you lock her up. If one more thing happens, we'll contain her until we find a solution. She'll remain at CPC, not at the mental facility. Am I clear?" Doc nodded and said, "Yes sir." Jones said, "Then go."
Doc nodded and left the room. Jones sighed and hoped nothing would go wrong. One more thing...and she'll lose it all, Jones thought to himself. He didn't think she'd make it this far because nobody had ever made it with her background and her past and possible future to her point. She was seventeen, and she'd been at CPC for the longest time...and she deserved something more then what she'd lived threw to just be an agent without anything but a chance to be with actual people...not just insane people.
He sighed and said to himself, "I know she's coming to her limits. It's almost time to put it all away with her into a cell."
Hi!!!!!!This is the first Fanfic I have ever made so it might suck. I hope that I'd doesn't. Wow... I was Sirius... Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or PJO or HOO.I will only be doing the disclaimer every five chapters or so.Bye bye! - da Dam author
My dad told me something once.
"If there's ever anything good on SiFi, it's going to get canceled."
That's what happened to one of my favorite shows.
Sanctuary.
I was furious when it was canceled, and I've re-watched it many times since then. It almost seems like it gets better each time I see it, which only infuriates me more that they canceled it.
If they were running out of ideas, they could have consulted the fans. It's not illegal you know. I believe that's the only reason Doctor Who has been running so long.
I have yet to meet someone other than my own mother that is as infuriated as I am over this (Or even seen the show, in fact.)
Tell me I'm not alone, here!
the picture on this chapter is zoe's house she lives on her own!


Zoe's pov (point of view)

Ever since i was 5, Louis Tomlinson has been my best friend, then because of me doing ever so well on YouTube i got to interview One Direction, that was 4 months ago, yes i know but i have been debating over if i should tell you viewers  at home for a long time now.

I stopped the video, i had a lot to edit out! Joe was coming over today, so i had to tidy and clean my house, also had to go shopping for food! Its 11 am and i have  only filmed a video, i woke up put a decent top on and a beanie and just filmed a video. i decided to have a shower so i got undressed and jumped in. After my shower i got dressed in a cute jumpsuit and did my hair into a side fishtail braid. I then did my make up. half an hour later i was ready to go! i got into my car. parking back into my parking space in my house my phone starts ringing, i answer it, "hi chummy how are you" good thanks Zoe, Darcy wants a party so do you want to come over on Saturday. Well its Thursday today so yeah sure, joe's coming over from london today so i will ask him if he wants to come!!
I have to go though as i have to tidy and clean my house. ok chummy have fun cleaning BYE!! LOVE YOU. LOVE YOU TOO CHUMMY BYE. putting the phone down i rushed inside and unpacked all the food i bought for Joe and me! I then went to my utility and got out all the cleaning stuff as it was 2pm and Joe is getting here at 4 ish. After 10 minutes i got bored so i went to my iphone 6 and turned on loudest one direction ACT MY AGE!!! i carried on cleaning untill i realised i had finished the whole house.

I ran downstairs and put the cleaning stuff away looked at the time, i cant believe its 3:50, 10 minutes till Joe could be here. I sprinted upstairs and chucked on a stylish dress and re did my make up, to a sassy look. DING DONG!! DING DONG!! perfect timing. I ran down stairs and flung open the door!! JOSEPH SUGG!! ZOE SUGG!! ZOELLA!! THATCHER JOE!! W e collapsed in laughter!!

thanks for reading my first chapter, im going to be uploading whenever im free!! All these idears in this story is from my two best friends brooke and jordan they know who they are, i would put there last name but because of privacy im not but they know who they are so HI!!


The clock on the other side of my office chimed. 1:40. I cleared my throat and stood up, shutting the computer down and filing away the last of my paperwork for the day. My voice filled the small room as I sang softly to myself.
"Ms. Mills?" There was a knock at the door that stopped me from making noise. My partner, Emma Jones, stood at the open door.
I roll my eyes at her remark and continue to hum. "Yes?" I call as I grabbed my purse and keys. "Mrs. Jones?" I turn to face her, seeing the envelope in her hands. "What's this?"
Emma grins. "The formal invitation to Killian's surprise party for when he comes home." Emma explains, helping me with my things as she closes the door behind me.
"Follow me out to the car, will you? I've got to pick up Mary from school." Emma nods and follows me out to my BMW 2015 convertible. I unlock the door before sliding my bags into the back seat. "So the party?" I ask, turning around.
Emma beams as she held the envelope out to me. "He's coming home next week and I'm throwing a big party." She explains.
"Well I know that, Emma." I laugh dryly. "Aren't I still in charge of the sweets?" Emma nods and sighs.
"Good point. But I just wanted to give you a formal invitation." I smile happily and take the envelope from her. "Thank you. I'll be there."
I turn to leave but Emma grabs my wrist. "Regina?" She asks. "Are we still on for lunch tomorrow? For planning?"
The car door unlocks as I slide in. My sunglasses fall into place before I roll the windows down. "Of course! We're in work together. Just call me. I have a client at 11:00." I wink and wave, Emma doing the same thing.
With that, I pulled out of the lot and down the street to Cheatam Elementary. It was 2:15 which was 15 minutes before school was released.
On Tuesdays and Thursdays I picked my step-daughter up from school and dropped her off at her mothers around 3:00. I had divorced Leo three years ago after I found out about his overwhelming alcohol addiction. I should have seen it before then but I didn't.
Ava, Mary's actual mother, had been very kind and understanding when Mary said she wanted to see me still. So I picked her up from school sometimes or took her and Ava out for lunch.
My car beeped, signaling me that it had locked as I walk to the entrance of the school. "Good afternoon, Ms. Mills." The principle, Belle, greeted. I smile politely and take my seat along with the other mothers waiting to pick up their children.
The bell rings and within 3 minutes, children flooded the halls. I stand up and adjust my purse, swaying from one heel to the other.
I had always hated this. All the mothers in this town wore jeans and shirts; not even blouses. Most of them didn't work or worked too much to care. And then there was me. Styled hair, sharp makeup, a slim fitting red dress and black heels. I was the odd one out.
I had been in this town for a while but I was originally from a big city. I guess the style stuck with me over the years.
"Reggie!" My attention turned to the little shriek to my left as Mary raced my direction. She had a light purple jumper on with little frilly socks and sweet little white Keds.
Mary ran straight into my legs, almost knocking me over. Her arms wrapped around my waist as mine wrapped around her tiny form.
"Hey kiddo!" I kiss the top of her head before taking her hand. "How was class today?" I ask.
Mary skips beside me as I lead her to the car. "Good!" She giggled I buckled her in. "Today I picked flowers during recess but I wasn't allowed to bring them back in." Mary explains as her little legs swung.
I slid into the front seat and sighed. "Oh no. That's no fun. But maybe it's because some children could be allergic. Like you and peanut butter." I explain. "That could be why. But I bet they were really pretty."
Mary nods and opens her mouth to say something more but is interrupted by my phone ringing. "Hold on baby girl." I smile as I answer the phone. "Regina Mills, how may I help you?" I ask, balancing my phone between my ear and shoulder.
"Regina." Ava mumbles. "Regina can you do me a huge favor?"
We had become friends after the divorce of Leo. Mary was no longer able to see her father and we figured that Mary needed us to be happy, not bickering. And after a while, we began to actually get along with each other.
"Of course, Ava. What can I do?" I ask, patting Mary's knee.
"I have a... Situation at the house. Could you keep Mary until I come get her?" She asks, voice shaking a bit.
My heart clenched. "Ava what's wrong?" I ask, my voice getting low.
There was silence. "Nothing. I'm fine. Just please keep Mary?" She asks. "Everything is okay. I promise. Please?" I sigh and nod.
"Okay. Okay. Can you talk to her for a bit?" I ask before handing the phone back to Mary. "Baby? Mommy wants to talk to you for a bit okay?"
Mary smiles and takes the phone, rattling on and on to her mother as I drove home. Well... Sort of.
Since I moved out of Leo's house, I moved in to the top floor the B&B here in town. My good friend Ruby's grandmother ran the business and was happy to help me out. And it was nice to always be with two caring people. They lived in the little guest house around back and we're always there for me. I agreed to help out around the place when j was free as some of my payment.
"Reggie?" Mary asks sweetly as I park the car in my usual place. "Reggie why are we at your place? Aren't we going to mommy's?"
I shake my head as I slip out of the car. "No baby. Mommy has some big girl stuff she needed to do so you're staying with me! Like a sleep over!" I say cheerily. I didn't want her worrying. "It'll be fun."
I help her out of the car and grab my bags. "Will you please open the front door?" I ask Mary. She nods and opens the door. She and Ava had been over a few times so Mary knew the place well. Plus, Granny was a good friend of Ava's.
"Heeeeellllooooo?" She calls as I stumble in after her.
"Shh, Mary." I warn. "They may have guests. We don't want to disturb him." Mary gasps and nods, covering her mouth. "Let's go put these bags up and then we can come back down and see where everyone is." I suggest, leading her up the stairs.
"Reggie am I going to school tomorrow?" Mary asks as I open my door and set down my things. She twirled in a circle, watching her feet.
I laugh at the question and tilt my head. "No. Remember? It's fall break starting tomorrow." I walk into my closet and kick off my shoes.
"Oh yeah." Mary nods, racing after me. "Do I get to go to work with you?" She asks happily.
I turned around and patted her head. "Yes you do." I raise an eyebrow and kiss her head. "But you've got to get your homework done first before we play." Mary groans and stomps her little feet.
"You're supposed to be the cool one!" She whines, taking my hand as we walked back down to the main floor. I gasp in mock surprise, twirling her around before setting her in the chair behind the desk.
"I am the cool one!" I protest. "Your mommy is the responsible one, remember?" I whine, jumping as the door to the B&B opened.
A young man walked in with a cello case on his back. He had two duffle bags in his hands. Blue jeans, white tshirt and very very handsome. His brown hair was tousled around.
"Is there a room available?" He breaths, staring at me. I run my hands on my tight red dress and clear my throat.
"Lemme see!" Mary smiles wide, opening the little book Ruby kept to keep track of the guests. The man chuckled and moved closer, setting his bags down.
"Thank you sweetheart." He winks and wipes his forehead. I smile weakly and walk out from behind the counter. My heels clicked on the wood flooring as my hips swayed with every step I took.
"Mary why don't you go find Ruby? She can-"
"Found one!" Mary squeals, pointing to the book. She loved to help out and found it especially fun here.
The man chuckles. "Can you put me down?" He asks. Mary looks up at me, making a face.
"Of course." I say weakly. The man smelled like leather, something I hadn't really thought of. His blue eyes stared intently at us, watching our every move.
I take the book in my hands and grab a pen. "Name?" I ask, raising an eyebrow.
"Robin Locksley." He chuckles.
"How long are you going to be here?" I ask again. Robin smiles wide and shifts under the weight of the instrument on his back.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" I glare up at him.
"Watch it." My eyes flick to Mary who was watching our encounter. "How long?" I press.
"I'm not sure. Can we do the payments weekly?" He asks, making me cough. No one ever stayed for weeks at a time.
"Sure." I nod, scribbling down all the information needed. "Mary, grab key 33 for me. Do you need help with anything?" I ask, reaching for a bag.
"No I'm alright. Wouldn't want you to carry anything." He winks and starts to move forwards.
"This way!" Mary giggles as she skips down the hallway. Mary stops in front of the room. "Granny!" She giggles again. "Granny someone is staying here. Is the room okay?"
Robin tilts his head and looks at me. "Sweet girl!" Granny appears with a laundry basket at the door, peering down the hall at Robin. "Of course. The sheets are all ready." She quickly moves down the hall and smiles at us. "Enjoy your stay."
Robin reaches his room and turns to me. "Oh." I pat Mary's head as she hands him the key. "And no loud... Music past 8:00pm please." I take Mary's hand. "Just so you don't disturb the other guests."
***
"He was pretty." Mary yawns, tugging on one of my shirts. She stood in the doorway of my closet as I pulled on a silk nightgown.
"He was handsome." I agree, trying not to laugh. Mary yawns, her eyes fluttering. "Alright baby. Bed time." I scoop her into my arms and huffed dramatically. "Dear me you've grown since the last time I carried you."
Mary smiles and strokes my hair. "Do I get to sleep with you?" She mumbles as I lay her in the bed.
"Yes." I whisper, tucking her in. "You do. Now I have to go to the bathroom and take off my makeup. Okay? Then I'm going to get two glasses of water from the downstairs kitchen. I'll be right back okay? You lay here and try to sleep." I instruct.
Mary yawns and groans. "What if I can't sleep?" She whimpers. I sigh and rub her cheek gently. This sweet girl made my day every time I saw her. I wish I could do better for her, but hats what Ava was for. And I was thankful that she shared this precious piece of light with me. It'd be as close as I ever got to anything if this manner.
"Then I'll sing to you when I come back. But please try for me to sleep on your own?" I kiss her head and hum a soft lullaby before standing.
The stairs creak under my feet as I quietly walk down to the main kitchen. The door was already which made me tilt my head. I cautiously walk in and see the lamp by the dining table. There was a stack of staffed paper. Some of it had notes scribbled on it. I lean over and take the first paper gingerly in my hands.
It was an interesting piece. I quietly began to sing the notes written as I moved closer to the light.
I used to sing when I was younger. Before my father died. He used to tell me my voice sounded like the best music he had ever heard. That he would pay millions just to listen to me. Anything he could do to support me would be done.
But that was before he was murdered, before my mother was locked away.
Now I just sang softly to myself or to Mary. Other than that, the only thing that escaped my lips were words.
Slow clapping jerked me back to my senses, making me whirl around. Chills rose on my arms as Robin stood in the doorway in only pajama bottoms.
"I thought there was no music after 8:00." He jokes, walking closer. "You can sing."
I shake my head and set the music down, moving quickly to the fridge. I was so humiliated. Not only had he heard me sing but j was in my silk nightgown in front of a man I had never seen before!
"I only wanted to see what it sounded like." I explain, grabbing two water bottles. "That's all. It's a good piece. Is it yours?" I ask as he nods.
"Yeah. I've been working on it for a while." He explains, stacking the papers. "And you can sing. You just hide it."
I blush and shake my head. "You must be very tired." I retort. "I can't sing. Now if you'll excuse me, my... I have someone I need to tend to." I stutter.
"Your daughter?" He asks patiently, obviously not getting that I was trying to get away.
My heart clenched and I shook my head. "No. Not anymore. Not ever. She's... She's very close to me. Her mother needed tonight to herself so Mary is with me." I say quickly. "Not that you needed to know."
Robin chuckles and shakes his head, clicking off the lamp. The kitchen went completely dark, making me huff in frustration.
"goodnight to you too, miss...?" He leaves his statement hanging. I roll my eyes and laugh.
"You should try a B flat instead of the F sharp in the tenth measure." I call over my shoulder as I walk back up to where Mary awaited, leaving Robin hanging.
A/N: hey guys! I hope you like this and continue to read it! Let me know if you have any suggestions!!!
Five hundred days.
It's going to take five hundred days for everyone to die. At least, that's what those stupid believers think. Well, that's what I know, but those stupid believers only tell us it's the end. Not enough to say we'll all die. The people we fight so hard to protect are the people who are feeding us lies. And while there is some truth, it isn't enough to provide salvation for everyone.
They're probably just keeping information for themselves. Hiding like the cowards they are. Pretending to be what they aren't: Leaders. But isn't that the definition of pretending?
Those 'saviors' will kill us all.
But I can't say anything like that.
After all, I am one of the idiots who works for them. Or will.
At least I'm granted protection and food. Actual food, not just basement-produced meats with no nutritional value. But even though I'm granted protection, I have to survive first, which probably won't be easy, but you'll understand soon enough.
I've heard what these training camps do. We'll learn more about the truth than the lies, but at the same time we'll be put through tests of great endeavors.
If I do this, I'll be an asshole. I'll be just like everyone else. That's what people will think of me, but they should know that's not the reason I'm there.
I have a choice: One, being arrested by the Military, or Two, joining the Military. I've committed acts I know I shouldn't have, but it was because no one was going to help us survive.
Eventually, I'll return home, I'll help everyone live the life they should on the inside, and maybe I'll help those on the outside.
Though I know no one on the outside is probably alive.
I take one look back, and I just stare. No expression on my face as I'm pushed along with the rest of my trainees. All of them think I'm horrible for what I've done, but all of them don't want me to go. They took off my handcuffs not too long ago, when I was escorted here, from the South Section on a train to the outskirts of the Center Section.
And I know that they know who I am.
They're much taller than me, even the girls, and a lot muscular than lean. I'm particularly short, with the strength to probably beat three of these guys at once if I had to and I was feeling at my best.
I hope they're not too fooled with my appearance. I might look like an adorable, little girl, but I can still kick ass.
"Everyone, single file line!" A large man, the commander, I think, shouts.
I take a walk to the left and the guy behind me, obviously taller, glares at me while he moves to the right.
I don't think they know why we're all here. Let me explain something to you. This is the military, and this military is not a very good one, and I have to be here, but of course I have other motives.
This new military both protects the people from the outside and the inside. On the inside of the wall, there's another group that wants power and promises people that they'll find out more of what's going on than our actual military now. That group are the insurrectionists, the Surges, they're called.
And then the outside of the wall, where all of the deranged animals go. Where everyone outside of the wall that didn't make it are probably mauled by all of the fast evolving animals. One dog can have no hesitation to kill you, even though, before Day One, I had a dog.
And that Dog was probably my best friend...Before it tried to kill me, and I tried to kill it.
And so a wall was built, on Day 70 to protect everyone still alive. I don't know what's going on in the other continents but I'd like to think they're not all dead. What a lovely thought, right?
Of course, that wall was only built surrounding six states: Illinois, Indiana, West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio. Although, the wall doesn't surround all of the West Virginia, Virginia, and Illinois.
Before all of this, we were still living normal American lives, eating meat and going to the beach, watching movies. Now, its a struggle everyday just to eat. Now that we have a common enemy, I'd say that we're a lot worse off than other people predicted.
And now they'd gone and separated the people living in the walls, too. The less fortunate are the ones on the South, which is us. The more fortunate are the ones on the North, with their corn and their Lake Michigan. The center is the safest, of course, and it being the safest, they have the supposed 'best people' running the Wall.
And these people promise better things, but like I said, they're liars.
The East and West are just as fortunate as the South is, except they get slightly bigger rations than us, and more pocket money than us, giving them a little bit longer to live.
I have another motive for being here, and I know these people won't take me in too kindly.
"Forward!" The Commander walks everyone inside, and then brings us to a halt. This isn't just a room, this is a giant cargo train.
"Alright." He turned around. "Everyone make four lines." And everyone did so. The guy behind me went into my line. I can feel him literally grinning like he would eat me if he had the chance.
"Good." He stood up from a crate and pulled a red lever. "We'll be arriving shortly, Trainee Branch." Then he salutes. "I hope you all know how to keep your shit in your ass." He steps down from the crate and walks around, still saluting. "I can tell that many of you ain't gonna last the first trial. Is that true?"
"Sir, no sir!" We all answer, saluting.
"Bullshit!" He turned around and sniffed. "Fear is not going to get you anywhere. Fear is the one thing that destroys man..." He sniffed the girl to the right line. "Or builds one. Let me ask you, is fear going to destroy you?"
"Sir, no sir!"
"Or is fear going to build you?"
"Sir, yes sir!"
He started laughing, and looked straight at our line. Most people looked at him, but I didn't. They're all scared.
"Ha ha ha!" He laughs. "I can tell most of you already pissed your pants, is that right?"
"Sir-" The man behind me started.
"Quiet, son!" He shouts. "Don't give me bullshit! The one thing I don't tolerate is bullshit. Do you understand?" He asks the whole branch.
"Sir, yes sir!"
"Good." Then he turns around and his nose takes a big whiff at me, but I didn't look at him at all.
"What's this?" He questions. "Why aren't you reeking fear?" He grabs my hair, "Or are you just covering it all up?" I still didn't look at him, and I didn't even care him grabbing my hair. "Why are you so bored with this? You look so bored? Do you want me to entertain you?" I didn't say anything. "Huh? Answer me, Cadet!"
I didn't say anything.
"So she doesn't talk." He lets my hair down. "We have some people with real balls here, and I'm sure this person with balls ain't even a man. She's a wo-man." He smirks. "I guess that's what all criminals are."
This is when I scoff lightly and look to the corner of my shoe. People gasp, people snicker, people look at me weirdly, and people just look ashamed, like they did something horrible, too. I already know that most of these people are going to hate me.
Then The Commander went about and started talking to the other half of the Branch.
"You smell like piss!" He shouted to one man. "Why do you smell like piss?"
"Sir, yes sir!"
"What the hell kind of answer is that, boy!?"
The girl next to me, the velvet haired, the one The Commander talked to, shakes and asks, "Criminal?"
"Oi! Don't act like you've never done that kinda shit before, Salmon."
"I've never! And stop calling me Salmon!" She screams while she whispers. "Seriously, The Commander's going to hear us."
The taller blonde-haired girl with sharp yellow eyes smirked and reached over the pat her head. "Sucks for you, Salmon."
"But seriously, though, what did you do?" The shorter, black haired boy in front of me by a couple of people asked.
I didn't answer. I just looked at him. And he let out a small gasp.
"I'm sure it's something embarrassing she got in trouble for, like stealing perfume from The Old Man." A much more muscular and strong faced man with brown hair asks.
"Or stealing extra rations." Someone else adds in.
And the more people add in, the more bored I got. These people just look so ignorant.
"Hey, what part of the south section are you? I've never seen you before-"
"Did you kill someone? Is that it-"
"When did you-"
"Does any of it matter?" I finally say, only looking at all of them through the corner of my eye, glaring. I turn around, and I can tell people are still shaking. "If you don't want to piss your pants more than you already have, I suggest you keep quiet before The Commander hears you."
Everyone stays quiet.
"So, you do talk." The guy behind me says. "You guys should apologize.
The Muscle Man sounds taken aback. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked." He stuck his hand out and said, "Kurt."
I didn't shake his hand. I just look at him.
"Fuck that!" The Tall Girl laughs. "If you're a criminal then we have a right to know what you did so we can trust you."
"And why would I want that?" I roll my eyes.
"Well...Because-"
"Who the hell is talking over here!" The Commander sniffs once more and walks straight to the tall girl. "Do you want to fail before you even make it to the Branch?"
"Sir, no sir!"
"Then quit talking, then!" The Tall Girl, shook.
The Train came to a sudden stop, and the doors behind us open. We all turn around, and we start moving down the cargo train, and lines up in rows in a center with three other branches. When we all line up, the man guy in the front stands on the top crate.
Everyone's still shaking. They have no idea what they're up against. All we have is a wall from protecting us the diseases and the monsters out there, and the life of prosperity we have here. These people know things. Things that we don't, and I have to know them.
I might not be able to last that long, though.
There, in the center of us all, is the Admiral. Second in command of the Superior.
"Look around you, what do you see?" He asks.
The guy who was behind me looks at me and whispers, "I see a girl bored from everything."
I scoff.
"These are you brothers and sisters. But do not look at them as just. Look at them as your competition. Not all of you will pass or survive training, however, and you are the last group our military will be taking before our Five Hundredth Day. And the choices of military are limited, so we will choose you...unless you rank high enough to make it to choose."
He turns around at our branch, and thankfully, I'm in the second row, but still not far away enough for him to not recognize me.
He gives me a slight glare, though I keep looking forward. "Only the top fifty will get to choose."
"The top fifty?" Someone cries.
"Yes." He confirms. "Yes, though there are five thousand of you, remember what I told you earlier, not all of you will survive or pass training. This is phase one. If you don't want to do this, you may go home. But, if you do that, there's a chance you'll die ignorant, and there's a chance not all of you will make it home, either."
Everyone stands shivering in their place. Then, few people start walking out, but most of us remain in our lines.
"Good." He smirks. "Now starts the other half of phase one. Which will begin...now."
And The Four Commanders ask each and everyone one of us who we are and what we're doing here. They took the second person from our lines and told him to walk out. The Salmon girl is shaking, and the Tall girl is keeping a hard expression on her face. She's next.
"Natalie Singa. I'm here to protect my family from those things out there." She takes a deep breath, and our branch's commander smirks and walks next to Salmon Girl, whose shaking uncontrollably at this point.
"Sammy Pell. I'm here to make better of myself."
Then the same people who talked to me were next. Kurt, then the short boy, (Greg,) then shortly it became me. Unfortunately, two people were left to go on lines. I knew it was my turn though. All he did was smirk, and he walked past me and asked the boy next to me.
He's onto me. They all know me, so they don't care about me.
"Uh, Blaise Zion, I'm here to learn more about the animals."
He grabbed his shoulder and said, "Then you should've went to school, Boy." He points to the exit and Blaise gulps ever so slightly, but he manages to keep a straight face and slowly walks to the exit.
I grab his arm and The Commander looks at me strangely. "He shouldn't fail because he wants to learn more. There's something that you Center people know and we don't. Something that can't be taught in school."
"Failing him proves your hiding something." I glare, and Blaise looks at me strangely, only with his eyes, everything else from him looks so calm.
"Are you Surgent, Cadet?" He raises a brow.
"I trust you because I hate them more." He starts to chuckle.
The Commander, bites his tongue. "Just because we can't get rid of you doesn't make you invincible...Peyton." He points to Blaise and says, "Get back in line, boy."
Kurt looks at me, and almost chuckles. Blaise doesn't look at me, but he does say, "Thanks."
I guess I sort of smile, but its not like I really care.
***
Later in the day, The Commander showed us our rooms. From five thousand to 4,700 thousand already, the rooms were still cramped, and we were only at phase one.
Three hundred people didn't even make phase one, and no actual training was involved in that. When the training starts, I'm sure another three hundred will be cut. Maybe more.
The Night Quarters are separated into four large sections. There's a center in the middle, where people can talk and hang out, and then there are four large rooms, each with a plate of what sections is which. The South section, the East, the West, and the North. All the sections we came from.
The Boys room is downstairs of the South Section, while the girls room is in the Top floor. Good thing all of the bathrooms are there, too, though it's not like there are many.
Then comes Dinner, after all of our things were put in our bunks, not like we had that much stuff, anyway, just a few uniforms.
And I sit alone in the corner table, ferociously eating my mac and cheese. All of these people bore me. Besides, most of them are ignorant. Unfortunately, I eyed the Greg and Sammy and they both took it as an invitation to sit here.
They take a seat. Which of course, happens to be an invitation for the Tall Girl, Natalie to sit down, too.
"So, you must've done something horrible to get away with something like that." Sammy asks.
I continue eating my food.
"You guys seriously don't know a thing." Natalie laughs. "She doesn't want to answer, and I think that's that. So why don't you talk, huh?"
"And why did you save that guy's ass?" Kurt sat down, making the entire left side of the table jump.
"Who, Blaise?" Greg asks.
"Yes, Blaise." Kurt looks at me. "Why did you save him?"
I shrug. "I doubt you would believe it's because I have a heart."
Natalie and Kurt eye each other. "Yeah, that would be pretty hard to believe, because I'm sure that's not the answer." Greg then says.
"True enough." I explain. "It's because those assholes took something from me, now I'm proving to them that I know what they're doing is wrong."
"And what is that?" Greg asks again.
"Everything."
"So why'd you join?" Sammy asks.
"Because I still want to learn." I sigh. "Besides, I don't think it's wrong to want to save our own asses. It hasn't even been a year since..."
"Yeah...Day One." Sammy looks down at her food.
"Who knew that would be Day One, anyway?" Natalie points out.
"I mean before all of this, we were all still in school." Sammy wipes her eyes.
"Where were all of you?" Greg asks. "When they started evacuating?"
"You mean day 70?" Kurt asks. "With my family, in the woods of Wyoming, hunting and farming. My Dad was a veteran, and he heard news about what was going on. The animals started attacking us...killing my Dad, injured my Ma, and I took us to the south section of West Virginia."
"I was already in that part of Virginia when they started evacuating. I mean, school was still going on for us, and I didn't know what was going on when they were building walls. I didn't really think that it would take only seventy days to build a wall so big, but they did it. I mean, everyone fifteen and above had to help, and I did my part, so...I guess..." Greg explains. "But, some of my family in the other part of Virginia didn't make it in time."
"My mom was a doctor in Michigan and they needed more Doctors, so we were needed in the wall." Sammy then says. "I don't know what that...thing was that ate my Dad...but it looked like my Dog, I swear it did. I can't look at animals the same way ever again."
"Pssh...you guys and your stories, I swear your dramatizing them." Natalie rolls her eyes. "When I got here, they were just evacuating people in Pennsylvania into the Wall."
"Sure." Kurt then rolls his eyes. "What about you, Peyton?"
I put down my fork. "It's simple, really. I was already living in Kentucky at that time. I was fourteen when the walls were being put so I didn't really need to help, I just kept asking myself the same question, 'why are we doing this.' Then I realized what the rest of the world was and I just stuck to that."
"Oh."
Sammy looks up, "Do you think...that there's another wall? Maybe in California?"
"Probably not." I say. "In which case, we'd probably not be starving. You know, things to trade, ideas as well."
"I heard we have to fight insurrectionists as well." Greg sighs. "I don't know who I'd rather fight. I think it'd be better to fight the Insurrectionists than the Animals."
"Man, I miss the taste of meat." Kurt sighs. "I would join the Outsider's Branch just to kill those animals and later eat them."
"If you don't die, that is." Natalie jokes.
"What do you think is going to happen on the five hundredth day?" Sammy asks.
"Death, probably." I explain. "The Animals would probably get stronger and eat us. Foils your plan to eat them, right?"
Kurt sighs and then chuckles, putting down his glass of water. "What kind of hell have you been through to be this dark?"
"None." I answer truthfully. "You don't need to go through hell to be aware."
"Huh." He chuckles. Everyone starts to get up to throw away their food. "You're definitely something, aren't you, Peyton?"
I don't answer him, I just look up and sort of glare, being the last one to put away my tray. These people aren't so bad, but I wouldn't go as far to say that we're friends, at least, not yet.
Then it became time to sleep, and those girls from the North section started chuckling to each other, probably about me that is. They think I'm a criminal. What they don't know is that becoming a soldier in this army is just like becoming a criminal.
Still, I don't know who to hate more, the Military, or the Insurrectionists, the Surges, they call 'em.
Just before I could reach the South Section, one of them laughs really hard just to spite me, but I keep walking anyway. They know what I've done, I'm sure. Most Northerners are pretty rich, anyway. They're basically just like the Center people, except they don't do a damn bit of work. It pains me to say this, but the Center people do work, they just don't share most of it.
Only to the military.
I hate those Northerners so much.
Finally, one of them approaches me and hits her entire body on my back, even though she's much taller.
"Hey, for a criminal, you're pretty short. What'd you do, huh? Prostitution?" She smirks.
"Nah, she's too ugly for that." The other one teases, and I still look straight ahead.
"You're right. Come on, tell me, what did you do?" The rest of the surrounding people look at us, and then I catch Blaise's eyes on me. I catch all of my...I guess...acquaintances eyes on me.
I didn't answer, and started walking again.
Another girl walks in front of me. "Come on, tell me you little shit!"
"Or are you afraid?" Another one, starts.
"Stop putting on this act, we know who you are!"
"Just tell us, little girl!" Now all four of them surround me. "Quit acting like you're so tough."
"Does it look like I care about you four?" I finally say. I keep walking and hit my shoulder against one of the girls in front of me.
Behind me, I can tell she's going to hit me. She raises her arm and says, "You little-"
I grab her arm from behind me and I crack her wrist with another, flipping her over to the ground. The others didn't even bother. I kept walking. Of course those Northerners would know who I was. They'd have information of everything.
I walk upstairs and the boys from downstairs look at me weird, so do the girls walking up the stairs. "Uh..." Greg and Kurt from behind me starts "Are you okay?"
"You should be asking that to one of those girls down there." I say, and those two chuckle.
"So the Stilt isn't that cold." Blaise interrupts and smirks. "Nice to know."
"Watch it, remember who helped you out back there."
"Maybe I didn't need you to help me out." He sighs. "Maybe I wanted to go."
I notice something on his arm. "Why is that?"
He pulls his hand away and he grunts. "No reason. I just didn't think I'd make it. It hasn't been a year-"
"I know." I say. "Its hard to get used to something, especially since it hasn't been a year yet."
"Yeah, but these cold, dead days seem like years." Greg groans. "I'll see ya guys."
"Yeah, I think we should go before the Commander finds us." Kurt steps down from the stairs.
"I-"
"Everyone!" The Commander shows up from the door and hits the glass for everyone to hear. "It's time to sleep. Be well rested tomorrow, and wait outside at six a.m. We're going to start training, and I can't guarantee that none of you will be going home tomorrow."
I walk up the stairs and sleep in the bottom bunk next to the window. Natalie and Sammy share the same bunk, while I'm sleeping in my own bunk, since, of course, some of us are gone and it may have to do with no one wanting to bunk with me.
"Hey." Sammy whisper-yells at me. I look at her. "I heard the people they cut are the people they're killing..." Her eyes well up. "Is that true?"
I look up. "Maybe."
"I don't want to be cut."
"Then don't be." I turn around. "Just get some sleep. You'll be fine."
She nods. "Okay."
Her theory isn't wrong. In fact, I can imagine them, back on the cargo trains, gassing them or accidentally crashing them. Right now, there could be executions happening, and a lot of people dying because of sneaking out of the wall or because of the population.
I mean, just imagine building a wall surrounding five states, and fitting the entire country in them. And three of them are barely a third of that state.
I hear the same thing in these towers that I do in my own bed. I hear the same cries of the ongoing Insurrectionists and military fighting. I hear the same scratches and roars of deranged animals on the other side of this wall.
I mean, everything was so normal before Day One. I'm hardly even fifteen, and I doubt that these people here with me are hardly even in their twenties, and we're still fighting. We're fighting because these military people are needing more people, when we should still be in school and living normal, teenage and young adult lives.
I wouldn't call it hell, but I still remember Day One, when I was in Texas, my real home, just swimming in the Gulf of Mexico.
Day One: That was when shores were filled with dead animals.
And those animals that did survive only became more aggressive. They think those animals are monsters now, but truthfully, we all are. We all are for not trying to save everyone on the outside.
Whatever they think I did is nothing compared to what I've actually done. I had to do it, and I guess the reason doesn't make me a monster.
But it still doesn't change the fact that what I did was monstrous. Those animals were once just animals, and now Humanity's back on the food chain, because of monsters. Monsters that include us.
Sapphire's P.O.V"GET OUT YOU UGLY BITCH" i froze as a hand came flying at my face, slapping me as hard as he could, let me introduce myself I'm Sapphire Parks and the man currently hitting me is my father, yeah my own father its a long story but story short my mother died 4 years ago and ever since my father and my brother have blamed me, which is why he is currently beating the shit out of me i know i have a brilliant life, note the sarcasm, anyways back to the story. "GET OUT NOW" my eyes widened and i shook my head and raised my hands into like a little prayer, beginning him to let me stay, i have learnt not to speak to my brother or my father it only makes them angrier. He shook his head at me "GET OUT YOUR 19 YOU CAN LIVE ON YOUR OWN" that followed with another slap and i scrambled out of the door before he had chance to hit me again. I know what your thinking why didn't i just leave before? Well let me tell you, i have no money all the money i did have my father and my brother spent and they wouldn't let me get a job to earn any money for myself, all my clothes and things i did have considering they're at the house i doubt ill get them back my father is probably smashing up my stuff as i explain this to you, My brother buys this stuff for me, and when i say 'buy' i mean steal, although he hates me he still made sure i had clothes to wear, and lastly i have no where to go all my family hate me and blame me for my mothers death so i'm on my own, a perfect time to end it.
Riker PVMe and the band were waiting backstage and we were about to go on in 10 minutes. Ross was walking over to me. I didn't know why but I kind of didn't want to be near him because I have this feeling in my stomach when he is near me. It's not like a pain in my stomach but it's like butterflies. It's been happening for a while now. Anyways, Ross walked up to me and said, "Are you ready?" I nodded in reply. He then smiled and winked at me. He walked away to talk to his siblings and my "butterflies" went through the roof. I tried really hard not to smile. The stage manager told us we were on in 5 and the crew handed us our instruments and all of us walked over to the stage curtain next to the stage. I saw Rocky, Rydel, and Rattliff together getting pumped for the show. Only 3 minutes left and I was about to walk over to Rocky and the others but I tripped and kind of awkwardly fell into Ross. He caught me and I said sorry. "It's okay, man." I could hear the screaming crowd in the background when all of a sudden Ross did the most unexpected thing ever. He grabbed my shirt, pulled me towards him and kissed me! It lasted for about 5 seconds and before I could say anything after he pulled away, the band including Ross walked up on stage and the crowd screamed uncontrollably. I followed behind Ross and tried to control my mixed emotions. Me and Ross performed that night like nothing ever happened.
I am going to be doing AoT Character X Reader stories. I love suggestions! Feel free to give me some. This is my first time writing in this point of view, so please don't get mad if they suck. I'm use to writing in past tense so correct my mistakes. (I'm doing this when I should be typing up my other fanfic.) Whoops. h/c= hair colorf/v= favorite colorf/n= first namel/n= last namee/c= eye colors/c= skin colorAny other codes like the ones above that I'm missing?? If so let me know!! :) Thank you so much!!!!
I stood outside my house. It was approximately 5 am and this was my only way out. I stand there. That's all I do-stand there. I remember all of the good and happy memories from when I was little. But then all the bad ones come to mind as well. Why did they have to make my life hell. Why couldn't they think before they did something. Why. This question soon became a statement in my head. Terrible memories came back, reminding my that it was okay to leave. That I had a right to. I picked up my molded, brown luggage and jumped the next train.         I didn't know where neither this train or I were going. I just got on and felt relieved. It was as if a weight was lifted off my shoulders. I didn't need to be the parents for my 6 younger siblings, I didn't have to watch my parents abuse me, and I didn't have to live with my awful family. All I knew was that I was an 18 year old runaway.
Chapter 1
"Come on Mads'!" Lily yelled into the room as she walked in. I groaned rolling to face the wall. Lily grabbed my blanket and yanked its warmth from me. I grabbed a pillow and clutched it trying to retain some warmth.
"Madi. Come on! There's a new club!" I sat up and moved my hair out of my face.
"Why do I have to go Lily?"
"We made a bet. You lost the bet. You have to go to a club, now hurry up get dressed."
I threw my body back into the pillows groaning loudly.
I turned to face the clock. Wait! It's already 6pm. That was a good sleep.
I found the energy to move from my bed and to the closet.
Lily rushed into the room again.
"Zip me? Also wear the red dress I got you last week!" I zipped up her tight black dress.
"God Lily. Your boobs are trying to escape!"
She winked and left the room. I laughed grabbing the red dress.
The fabric went halfway down my thigh and hugged my curves. My own boobs like a little round mountain above the curve of my dress.
I stepped out of the room my heels clicking against the wooden ground.
"Holy crap Madi!" Lily yelled rushing to me as she put on her other heel.
"You look amazing! All the guys are gonna be all over you!" She said moving my hair out of my eyes.
"Not if they see you first." I giggled.
"Good thing I'm team girl then isn't it." She winked again and grabbed her phone.
**
"Lily this line is gonna take forever!" I whined leaning against the wall.
"I got this." She grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards the front. There was a group of four tall boys decked out in black attire from head to toe.
Lily tapped the tallest ones shoulder. He turned to face us and is blue eyes changed to a darker shade once he met my eyes.
"Yes?" He said aggravated looking back to Lily.
"Yeah. Here's the deal. My girl here. She's never been to a club. She needs to get in there before the crazies do. Is there any way we could move in front of you guys."
She batted her eyes and stuck her chest out but not noticeably unless you knew Lily.
The tan one looked flustered and simply nodded.
"Oh thank you!" Lily said jumping a bit.
The tall one leaned down and whispered in my ear.
"I expect a dance from you tonight, Madison."
Wait. How does he know my name.
Before I could talk to the stranger Lily was pulling me through the door.
**

Harry Potter appeared with a pop in front of the Burrow. He missed the Burrow,missed the dinner's. He was owling Ron a lot lately because of he and hermione got together before they left Hogwarts. It was after their battle in the department of mysteries. He had lost his Godfather that year. A tear came down Harry's cheek but quickly wiped it away. He didn't want to think about that. He distance himself a lot that year. Guilt and sadness was all harry felt. He stood there and watched his godfather disappear in an empty archway.
He turned the handle of the burrows door. He couldn't wait to see Ron and the weasleys. He missed playing Quidditch with the weasleys he loved the dinners and most of all he loved seeing a certain red headed girl. This girl was none other then Ginny Weasley. He and ginny got close last year due to him still grieving. Suddenly he was interrupted by his trail of thoughts, he was pulled into a famous Weasley bone crushing hug. He knew all too well who this was... It was Mrs Weasley. ***Harry's Prov**"Harry dear, how are you?" Asked Mrs Weasley."I'm grand. And how are you?""Oh I'm great dear. Oh and Ron will be down in a few minutes. He and Hermione are helping Ginny with something up stairs. I'll go get them if you like? Dinner will be ready in a few minutes." Said Mrs Weasley."Oh no it's fine I'll go and get them for you, if you like?" "Oh would you dear , I have to owl Bill and say that were leaving tomorrow morning, Arthur and I are going to see Fleur and Bill in France. "Oh that sounds lovely Mrs Weasley. I hope you enjoy" I started to climb the stairs to words Ron's room.
I reached Ron's room and my jaw dropped in horror, there was Hermione on top of Ron eating each other faces off(snoging). I coughed to show I was in the same room. Hermione jumped ten feet off the bed and blushed a really deep red. Reder than rons hair. Ron looked up ashamed and his ears and cheeks turned a bright scarlet. I laughed and laughed which got me a glare from hermione and a playful punch from Ron."Sorry..." Ron mumbled but had a grin on his face. I smiled back and said " so how have ye guys been?"I asked trying to change the subject . Hermione laughed. Not helping mione!! I gave her a glare and she looked at her feet. She knew I was trying to change the subject. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. There stood Ginny, wearing jeans and her griffindor jumper. She scowled at ron but her brown eyes found my green ones and she immediately smiled at me. I smiled back. Gods she's beautiful! Wait what? Did I just say Ginny's beautiful? No! I can't ! Ron would kill me! I cant be thinking about liking ginny weasley. The one i saved all those yeard ago. I felt a hand on my shoulder and I looked up into those dark chocolate eyes.. 'Wow' I thought."Harry are you okay?" Ginny asked in a soft caring voice."I'm fine. Are you?" I shot back.Ginny raised her eye brows obviously not convinced but didn't push further. Thank god cause I don't feel like talking to her in front of her dimwit of a brother."I'm great." She said back.. Then she did the unthinkable, she leaned forward and whispered in my ear and said "can we talk later ?" I just nodded. I turned to hermione and ron who both gave me a quizable look. I shook it off and went to the bathroom. I came to a past Ginny's door. I sighed and went dstairs
I'll write soon I promise I hope ye like it. Im a fan of hinny and romaine,nuna, and I am writing this as a continues during there time at Hogwarts so this is going to include romance,angry,bad language not much but still its funny.. I will do both prov's and thanks and I do not own any of these I just write for fun
It was my early sixteenth year in late spring. I was sitting in my favourite rocking chair- The one my mom gotten me when I was two, before she died. I never did get to know her.  But I always thought it was better this way, so I didn't have to save the deep, loving memories that would hold on in the future.      I was reading my favorite novel, 'Eternally Broken' rocking  in my rocking chair in a steady rhythm that I could make a pattern out of. The pattern seemed normal, like it's beat would continously consist in rock back, rock forth, and so on. I wish my life was a steady pattern. But it's anything but steady. It's actually just a mess. No steady pattern, just ricochet.     My name is Ellie Mariee. I have short, golden brown hair and brown eyes. I'm rather short. People in my old school used to call me "shorty" or "smalls". Sad, but true. My life pretty much sucks. My dads kind of a dead beat. He's not there for me. Always busy in 'work' or i'm simpily not good enough for him. I don't have any friends. Not that i'm weird, I'm just a very quiet person, you could say. Its hard to talk to people without me wanting to run away. Lets face it, I'm antisocial. Nobody seems to understand me..

why? why did it have to come to this? what happened to you? I remember the kind soul you once were but now... I can hardly recognize you. Your cold and distant I guess I just thought that...you were having a problem that made you want to be alone  but I guess I was wrong.

Darkness began to cloud my vision... a loud ringing rang in my ear but over that I could her something...was that a voice.. I cant tell... "AKARI!! AKARI!!PLEASE STAY AWAKE YOU HAVE TO STAY AWAKE!!" a voice yelled I wonder who it is..........

Akari's pov

The sun glistened in the evening sky as a cool breeze swept through my hair, the tree I was currently beating up groaned as I sent a strong kick to its side, father had once again started another argument with me, I was so gonna have the blame put on me again.
"Hey look who it is I thought you just came back from a mission?"I heard a loud voice call from behind me, I spun around ready to attack when I noticed who it was "oh Shisui its just you I thought you were an enemy there for a second" I laughed nervously Shisui just smiled at me like he always did. A wide happy smile that always brought a smile to others faces "well you got lucky its just me....Hey I heard what happened with your dad you ok?"he asked.

"Oh yeah I'm fine its just the same as always dad criticising me as usual but I'm ok with it after all it happens practically all the time." I sent a smile his way hoping to ease his worry away and it seemed like it worked as a smile crept its way back onto his face " whatever you say kiddo you know Itachi's looking for you right" he teased "oh ok then I need to be getting home anyway so I'll see you later Shisui ok"


"sure thing"with that I began to jog through the compound to our house, it was quiet guess everyone went to sleep I silently began to sneak through the house but stopped at Sasuke's door, poking my head in a small smile spread across my face ad I saw he was asleep. His hair was still in its normal duck-butt shape and his cover was pulled up high, his face looked so peaceful in his sleep one of his arms was hanging of the bed.

"Boo" a voice whispered in my ear, gasping I spun around seeing that it was only Itachi smirking slightly  "Itachi what the hell you gave me a heart-attack" I asked him annoyed by that smirk on his face."where were you?" he questioned "just training" I sighed. "okay the Hokage wants to speak with you tomorrow just to let you know, you should probably go to bed you look like you'll drop to the floor any minute now" he suggested "geez you know how to make a girl feel wonderful don't you. Alright  I'll go tomorrow thanks Itachi" I smiled at him as I began to walk to my room to enter the land of dreams.
-Jades POV-Friday's. Thank god. I had enough of this hell hole. Wait I mean school. No I didn't. I got to my locker putting books in my locker. Soon my locker was getting slammed shut. "You fucking bitch you could've broke my fingers" I snapped at my stupid friend, Ana. She shrugged "you know my junior friend Matthew?" she asked all excited. I nodded, lying, I don't know him. "He invited us to a party" she squealed. "Hope you have fun I'm not going" I said putting my backpack over my back"I'm still grounded from last weekend" Last weekend, me and Ana wanted to get revenge on this bitch, Madison, she's a stupid freshman, so we splattered her room with fake blood and egged her house. Not the best revenge, we know, but were sophomores with nothing else to do. "It's called sneaking out" she said like it was obvious. "please please" she begged, she looked at me with puppy dog eyes, I groaned "fine pick me up at 9" I said she squealed. A little freshman kid, Carter, came up to Ana. He's probably the most annoying little shit in school. "Can we help you?" Me and Ana asked him, raising an eyebrow. "uh I uh" he stuttered and ran off. "Da fuck wrong with him?" Ana asked me I shrugged and the bell rang"see you at lunch" I sighed and made my way to Biology. -Skipping to Party-I was anxiously waiting for Ana to pick me up. My parents were out. I heard Ana honking her horn. I'm only 15 with my drivers permit and she's 16, but she acts like a 5 year old, with her drivers license. I ran to her car. "are you nervous?" I asked she nodded fast. She drove to Matthews house. "don't leave me" I begged, she nodded "Jade, wait, what if Nate and Shawn are here?" she asked"they probably are, their seniors and their good friends with Mathew" I opened the front door and we both walked in scared. The smell of drugs and alcohol smacked me in the face. The smell was awful. I felt someone hitting my arm"what?" I asked "Nate and Shawn" she whispered pointing over to the kitchen. I swallowed dryly. We both slowly walked to the kitchen slowly."Nate looks hot" Ana whispered I giggled "Shawn does too" I giggled. I saw my ex, Sammy, he cheated on me with Madison. That was 3 months ago, we've been giving revenge to both of them for the longest time. Why not, were stupid sophomores with nothing else to do in life. I felt someone's eyes burning me. I turned around to see Shawn staring, right at my ass, I blushed and he saw me looking and quickly turned his head. "I'm gonna go talk to Nate, no ones with him" Ana told me and ran to Nate. I felt my legs move me closer to Shawn. "hi" I squeaked out when I got next to him. I'm so nervous. I'm a shy person, I can't talk to guys, I'm to awkward with them, it's sad, honestly. "Hi, Jade right?" he asked. I had a mental dance party, he knows my name. "Yeah, Shawn right?" I asked, of course I knew him name, I just didn't want to seem like a stalker. I do stalk him though. Whoops. We made small talk, very small talk. He seemed a little shy too. "I'm gonna go to the bathroom" Shawn said awkwardly. He ran upstairs, I went to go get a drink. I saw Ana leaning against the counter, still, talking with Nate. She pointed to her phone and looked at me. Ana: Nates ass looks incredible in khakisI laughed lightly. Ana: Booty had me like....... I got a drink, debating if I should drink it because I didn't know if there was alcohol in it. I took it anyway. I was just about to drink it but someone whispered"don't drink it, there's alcohol in it" I turned around to see a towering Shawn. "but what if I want to drink it?" I asked wondering where this sudden boost of confidence came. "then I would take you home" he said, Maybe I want that.........
Hi my name is Laura Waters and I'm what you would call, a dork. I like books, sue me. Any ways my dad went to buy groceries and I was left to watch Music Mania( our music store) everything was awesome until the biggest jerk in my school entered the shop. Luckily I didn't have to deal with Ross Lynch. My dad came back right in time to deal with him. Now I like writing songs but I'm too shy to sing them so I just write them. I ran into the practice room upstairs and I was in the middle of my song when my best friend Rain yelled." guess what."" what now."" Ross Lynch has a new song."" so what."" why do you hate him so much."" because he's a jerk and thinks he can get any girl he wanted."" ok but please just listen to it."" fine." I did and it was my song, Ross Lynch stole my song.
This story is for the best person I could ever ask for in all my life, my best friend Jenna, love ya girl. So, here you guys go.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I had been dreaming of the day that I would get to work on the cast of the hit TV show "Supernatural." I finally have the job I had always dreamed of having; Jared's personal assisstant. Little did I know, this job came with extra benefits.

☆well this is my first book. Exuse the mistakes. I really hope you all enjoy this as much as I do! It's kinda amazing when you fall in love with your own book. Ok ok I'll shut up. FELIX ABOVE☆
I begin to open my eyes as the bright sunlight from the window burns my eyes. I grunt and flip over on my stomach groaning and shoving my face into the pillow. "It's too damn early." i groan looking at the clock that reads 7:46 am. "Shit i have to get up..." i sit up and throw the covers over the side and look at my chest realizing I slept in my shirt. I take the white tee off and swing my legs over the side of the bed feeling no ambition to get up. I stand and an instant pain runs to my head. "Ahh.." i groan and put the palm of my hand over my temple. I come to a stand and get some jeans on and freshening up before walking downstairs.
I walk downstairs seeing my father up wandering about the house. He'd been alone a lot lately for my mother had died leaving him with me, his 17 year old son. "Morning dad." I say as i yawn.
"What did you run out of clothes?" He laughs referring to my shirtless self.
"Nah. Just lazy as hell." I replied not thinking.
"Language Felix." He rolled his eyes.
I never understood why I couldn't say the smallest of things without being constantly told about my language. It was getting to be annoying honestly.
"I'm going to head out Felix. I will be back around 5:00 alright?"
"Alright." I smirked knowing I was home alone to do whatever I wanted. But then again, like I had anything to do...
As he walked out the door I looked around the empty house wondering what lie around here for me to do. I mean we lived in a house quite large for only a house of two, in the middle of nowhere. I was home schooled and never made it a priority to socialize nor ever go to town. My father never told me about family so my house was pretty much where I was my entire life. It was empty and erie when you are alone but outside was a whole new ballpark. There was a large red barn which we filled with cattle and 2 horses. Every spring i got to see the cows out at pasture finding a sort of peace with everything just enjoying the view and such. I'm not much of a poet but out there is where you can find your piece of mind.
I had walked to the bathroom upstairs to freshen up more. I looked in the mirror and saw my jet black hair sticking in every direction possible then at my chest and abs in which I had once again seen the nasty scar across my left chest muscle from fixing the wire fence when it snapped back at me slashing it open now leaving an ugly scar to look at.
After fixing my hair and brushing my teeth i went to my room and threw on a loose red flannel then gloves and heading out to fix the fence and bring in this year's heifers.
☆sorry this one is so short I've got a concert to be getting to. Wish me luck!☆
Mike we have to hide her now they will take her we must not let that happen.   Mike looked at me and said but Derek she's our daughter we just had her why must we give her away when we just got her. My mate sobbed.   I walked over to him and hugged hin tight knowing he was the one that was going to suffer the most because he was the one to carry her for seven mouths then give brith to her.   I slowly pulled him away from my chest and whispered.   Baby I know but we can't lose her to them I won't allow it.  He sniffles and nods he then looks down at  our persuasion daughter and kisses her new born head.  She starts to cry but soon stops and my and mike get worried.   She then starts to scream cry and thats when we hear gun shots and wolf howls.    Mike hands me her and said Derek love get her out of here I'll try and give you time.  I nod but feel the tears in my eyes.I then turn around and start to run down the hall I'm almost to the end of the long hall and to the safe part were she would be taken and hidden but I felt something hit me and then I feel this horrible pain in my back I start to fall.   I protect my unnamed daught from hitting the ground  by landing on my back but I soon regret it because I'm soon screaming in pain.  I hear a curle laugh and know its Dunkin.  I try to keep her in my arms bit soon feel her yanked from my grasp.  I cry out but know it no use.  Before Dunkin leaves he said now my king what will the nation do with out their princess. And with that I shot awake.  *****I shot straight up in bed and start to sob I hear mike sit up and pull me in to his bare chest and cooe to me.  I then sob talk.  It's all my... f.f.fault that she's gone Mike its aaall my fault.Shoosh baby it's not your fault its theirs for taking her from us we will find her and then we will kill ever last one of them.  I just continue to cry it's been seventeen years and we still haven't found her.  We tried to have more kids but we couldn't it was heart breaking.  Dont get me wrong we just wanted a litrle pup to love and hold and care for until we found a lost pup and could take care of her but know the goddess had to be crule and we only could have one child.   I then pull back look at my beautiful mate but also see the sadness and sorrow in his eyes it's been really hard on Mike and I after our baby girl was stolen from us we are not the same kings that use ro rule.  We are slower and don't pay attention to the meetings. We spend all our free time trying to find our baby.   I get up and pick my mate up and walk out of our room to the search room that we installed and put him down and say.Okay since no one can find our daughter we start now.  He shock his head yes and we got to looking.  *************  Its been two weeks since we started our search with know one but us looking.  We are about to give up and tell the world that the princess is died.   But then the beeping starts and the screen says match found that we jump up and look at the name of the pack that took our daughter.  Me and mike smile and walk out of the room.Now my sweet girl hold on we are coming for you and  nothing will stop us from finding you and bringing you home to us.
Tell me what you think
I waited patiently for my name to be called. This was it, the beginning of life. After three hard years at Law School. I deserved this, you know that saying; "Mama didn't raise no fool." Well my mama didn't. I turned around to see her smiling harder then ever. I turned my attention back to the speaker. God im happy I finally made it. Everybody in my family was successful. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a doctor, my grandma was a nurse. I just choose something different. I really didn't like the medical field. I did have a brother, Elijah. He wasn't that bright. I mean he was bright, but in a different way.
"Aaron Hicks"
I walked onto stage shaking everybody's hand and taking my diploma. Going off I went to a seat. Behind me this guy everyone liked tapped my shoulder.
"Graduation party after this lil mama. You should come."
"No thanks."
I bet y'all think im lame for turning him down, but this nigga get all the girls. It sounds like a booty call to me anyway. Besides my mom planned a dinner for me after this at Red Lobster. After sitting for another hour the last person was called.
"Class of 2015, its been a long ride. Please stand. Turn your medallions."
We did as told them thats when all the ghetto black people went crazy, throwing their hats, jumping on the chairs, yelling 'NIGGA WE MADE IT'. Some of it was funny.
I found my parents and my brother outside of the auditorium. They hugged and congratulated me.
"We have to hurry because I booked our reservations for 5."
"Ma, its only 3:30. I'll be there by 5, let me go see my friends."
She frowned and touched my face. "Aw, alright. I guess you can go."
I laughed. "Alright, bye y'all."
I took off my gown and reached in my bag for my keys. Elijah followed.
"Uh. You better be quick. Mom gon kill yo ass."
"Please. Im trying to find Trayvon."
"Ma know y'all date yet?"
"Hell no. If she find out that's my ass. I mean he is your friend, and she said all your friends look like gangstas and drug dealers."
"We not gangstas man, but we slanging fasho."
I shook my head. "Why you can't be like us. You 26 man."
"Im only street smart. You know that."
And that was true, he barely got out of highschool. But thanks to him I met the love of my life, Trayvon. Yes he deal, yes he big and buff, with his dark brown eyes and those big lips... mmm let me chill. But the problem was I hid it from my parents, they figure since im so smart and innocent i'd date somebody from school. If they only knew. I tagged along with Elijah, I didn't deal. I just hang around them alot, went to parties with them. Just one of the girls.
When I got to my car I noticed Trayvon's truck parked beside mine. I smiled and ran to it standing on the rails. He rolled the window down smiling exposing his left drimple.
"Hey baby, Congratulations."
"Hey babe, thanks"
We made out until Eli cleared his throat.
"Bruh, 5 o'clock."
"Man its only 3:40 now. We got time."
"Where y'all gotta be"
"Red Lobster, my mama made reservations."
He sighed. "I know she not gonna let me step foot in there."
"I know baby, I'll tell her.. In the future."
I turned to Elijah throwing him my keys. "Stall for me."
"Alright."
I went on the passenger side of the truck getting in.
" I got something for you"
"What you got?"
"You want it here or at home?"
"Anywhere you please." I smirked.
*picture of Trayvon in MM
My brain is cluttered. No thoughts can get through without melting, disfiguring themselves into other thoughts. It's all scribbled over, like drawing circles inside other circles inside other circles until it's a huge, disorganized mess of darkness that covers the entire page. If you draw for long enough you can turn it black.
Opening the door is a physical movement, not prompted by anything in my brain. My brain is too distracted by itself to tell my body to do anything; it does it all by itself. It's been working like that for most of the past thirteen years. My knees bend. I sit on my bed. The mattress is pressed down under my weight, though I don't weigh much. All the lights are turned off, and I can't remember what color the sheets are. The nightstand by the head of my bed, the desk at the foot, the window beside the nightstand, the closet on the right wall... it's all just there.
My arm reaches to my other sleeve. I don't touch my skin; I just pull down the fabric to reveal my wrist. And instinctively I go for the object I keep hidden under my pillow. I wouldn't mind if someone found it.
Tears don't exist in my body any more. Neither do screams. Neither does a voice. So I don't cry. I don't whimper. I don't open my mouth. I don't feel pain when I see the blood leaking out of the cuts. I've felt the pain already. It got too much, so I blocked it out. Pain is just an illusion. I keep myself in a place where I can't feel it.
That place is far, far down. The Mariana's Trench of your heart. Where nothing can hurt you, and you feel nothing. It's better than hurting.
I don't wish for death. I don't wish for life, either. I don't want to exist, but death is too easy.
I pull my sleeve up and lay on my bed, with no sheets covering me. I fall asleep within seconds. Because, in the Mariana's Trench of you heart, you are not awake. You are not dead but you are thoughtless. You are just there.

When I woke up it was dark outside my window. My alarm clock read 10:54. I hadn't eaten since that morning, so I sat up, and stood up. I opened my door and walked out into the hallway. There were four more doors on that same hallway, which connected to the living room on one end. I spotted a light under one door; my parents' door, but no sounds came from the other side.
After the living room was the kitchen. It was nothing special; the walls bordered with white counter-tops, and the oven and the microwave clustered in one corner. The dishwasher was on the other side of the room. I didn't bother turning the lights on and just opened the fridge to see what there was. Not much. The doors were filled with useless sauces and toppings that no one ever used, but no one ever bothered to throw out.
I opened the bottom drawer and took out a bag of purple grapes. Only half of them were rotten. Nothing else looked good, so I closed that door and walked to the pantry, on the right side of the dishwasher.
The door to the pantry never closed. Last time someone tried to close it, they couldn't get it open and we had to pry it open with a crowbar. It almost broke the door. That's why there was a small dent in the side.
The pantry is also the laundry room. On one side of the room are a washer and a dryer, and on the other are shelves holding snacks, spices and other things never used. The end is nothing but a wall.
I didn't turn on the lights there, either, because I knew what I wanted. I took a small box of Pocky off the bottom shelf and exited through the open door.
When I walked back into the living room I saw another person coming in from the hallway. My father. I barely recognized him. He was just there, to me, but it's because he blocked me out first. Was he in the Mariana's Trench, too? Was I a piece of the pain he decided to block out? Was my mother? All these thoughts were disfigured long ago.
We passed each other like the other didn't exist. Our shoulders didn't brush. Our eyes didn't make contact. There was no acknowledgement of the other's existence. I soon forgot about him after I entered my room. He probably did the same.
I just sat on my bed, my back against the headrest, eating Pocky and picking grapes out of the bag. Pocky was still a common snack, even after the end of World War III, which forced Japan to evolve into an even more Westernized version of what it was in the early 2000s. While Pocky was considered modern, other "modern" parts of Japan were confiscated. But I was born seven years after the war ended; I'd never lived any other way.
I finished eating at around 11:15, got a drink of water, and then went to bed.
"Went to bed". I lay under the covers, naked except for the jeans I'd worn the day before, for another hour and a half. This was unusual. Because no coherent thoughts surfaced, most of the time, I never stayed awake for too long. But something was wrong.
There was an itch in my brain that I couldn't reach. A thought was reaching out to me, trying to tell me something, but all the clutter got in the way and I couldn't make it out. I blamed it on the clutter.
The thought took forever to decode... but then I realized...
It was September 1st.
I stayed awake for much longer after that, without checking the clock, even though I knew I had scratched the itch just right. I didn't force myself to fall asleep; instead I just let my body go whenever it felt like it. It didn't matter when I woke up.
Why should I care about anything on my last few days alive?
*beep beep beep*
I groaned as i picked up my alarm clock throwing it across the bedroom.
I slowly drag my feet to the side of the bed feeling the cold hard ground, I placed my thick black glasses on ,then headed over to the bathroom to do my business.
I then headed towards my closet getting changed out my pyjamas. I applied some make up hiding the bruise and scars that the boys at school made.
I put my shoes on and left my Swedish blonde hair out, I put my tan neff beanie. Then headed out the door.
I didn't really live with anyone, my father didn't even want children so he pretends that my brother and I are invisible.
My mother works as a full time journalist, my brother Ashton is a know-at-all bastered who if I got shot he would point and laugh and watch me die.
I got out the house and headed to the school, I hid under the bleachers, so the guys wouldn't find me, I would stay there for so long it wasn't funny, but once classes start it was like standing on an landmine.
Like you might now it's there but you got to step on it.
"Alison where are you" I heard the not so nice Nash yell
"yea Ali we wanna play a game with you" Matt shouted
If I was stupid which I'm not..sadly, I would run right out there and say 'ohh what game' like honestly do I look that stupid to them.
"master wants to play with you Ali" Aaron said, master being Cameron was a total user, he used girl just to make all the boys beg him to give one up so they could fuck them, he liked have attachen.
the bell rang and my heart start pounding like crazy, i walked into the hall way as everyone started laughing and calling me names like whore, hoe,bitch, slut.
it made me feel like screaming and yelling my ass off..but i'm not like that i try and keep my innocent look.
i got to my desk which was at the front of the class, i kept my face down as the teacher went on about something that i seriously didn't give a shit about, i felt a pieces of paper hit the back of my head, i picked it up and unfolded it.
meet master at the school stadium - CR
NO WAY YOU WISH! - AT
i threw it back and i couldn't keep my mind off it, why the hell would cameron dallas want to see me, oh i forgot he wanted me dead, carter threw the note back at me.
just do it or get triple beating - CR
why what does he want - AT
i threw it back i didn't wanna ever see cameron like ever, i wish i never met him nor laid eyes on him, i can't believe i liked him, everytime i thought about it i felt like everything fell apart.
my life has never gone right, it just keeps going left, maybe this life isn't much worth living for well for me.
---after school----
carter never sent another note, i started walking past the gate, then notice that i have to walk home stadium , i put my headphones in playing Escape the fate. i headed pass and as soon as got reached the stadium, i hesitated and kept walking i heard the boys talking.
"i told you" i heard nash say
"Alison the whore" i heard taylor say
i felt 0.0% bad for him, my rang in my pocket so i picked it up it was some unknown number.
un- I TOLD YOU TO GO TO THE STADIUM!!
ali- go to hell Mr Carter Reynolds
un- this isn't Carter
ali- yea bs
un- if it was how would u know
ali- first off you said you told me the only person who told me was carter and p.s thats something carter would say
un- o_0
ali- yea bam talk to the phone not me
un- triple beating
ali- whateves i'm used to it :)
i turned my phone off, i was now at the park and headed through it.
"i said meet master at the stadium" i heard carter say
"yea and for the 1000 time i said leave me alone, we can't all get what we want" i said
"yea alison the whore" i heard shawn continue, i swear shawn used to be a sweetheart
"why do you guys hate me, i've done nothing to you" i said
"you should know better then to talk back" when i heard that i heard that voice my heart started pounding out side my ribcage not in good way, it was like someone pointing a gun at my head. i started praying for life, he walked up to me, then ...smelt my hair, sending chil down my spin.
"oh now she upset master" Taylor said
"what are you gargoyle or minion" i said
"she doesn't learn" Matt said
"okay please just kill me now" i begged
"leave her" cameron said
"WHAT" they said
"LEAVE HER" he said angryly
they started walking off, what just happed
hope you guys like this book- insane
don't forget to check out my other books
love at sight
life in the o2l house
step sister bullied by magcon and o2l
meet again bullied by magcon and o2l
Hannah is 7 now and Leah is 20. The boys are almost 6 and Ariana is also 6. Aaren watches the kids as Leah go to school. Leah had to come off campus because of her mother's sickness.
Leah's POVBeing a mother is very hard. Now that Hannah is in the 2nd grade, things have changed. More field trips, more food. More yelling. Aaren and I are starting to fall apart. Sometimes he'll take the boys to his mom place and don't come back for days. We never agree on anything anymore. And he barely help out with Hannah. All he talk about is Zaadyn and Jaedyn. Not Hannah, not Ariana. I do too much and he never help me. I see about my mom, the kids. The food. The bills, school. I can't do it all.
"Can you take Hannah to school today"
"Leah! I can't, Zaadyn and Jaedyn have to go to the doctor."
"Aaren!"
"What Leah! What you want me to do? I have my sons. You have Hannah and Ariana"
"That's what you think this is?"
"What you mean?"
"You think you can tale my sons away and leave me with the kids you don't live as much."
"I love them all equally"
"No you don't. You rather take the boys places and leave the girls. You treat the girls like you treat me and I won't have it. I want you away from us, and if you even try to take the boys, I swear on everything I love you will regret that"
"Fine."
Then he left. After that, it was me on my own. I wasn't about to deal with that. Aaren got out of hand. One thing about it. He still bought them stuff.
"Mommy can I have a glass of water"
"Yes sweety. Go pack a bag of clothes."
"Why mommy"
"Daddy left and I can't do it on my own. Now Hannah, go do as I say."
"Yes mommy. Want me to tell Zaadyn and Jaedyn and Ariana"
"Yes baby"
Ariana came running to me crying.
"What's wrong sweety?"
"Jaedyn hit me"
"Jaedyn! Come here"
"Yes mommy" I heard in his voice he was scared.
"Why did you hit Ari?"
"She was bothering me"
"That doesn't mean hit her"
"Ok mommy, sorry Ari"
"Its alright. Why is Hannah packing up, where is she going"
"We're leaving here"
"Why mommy"
"Because its hard here. We need help"
"Momma, where's daddy" Zaadyn asked
"Zaa didn't you hear, he left us. Like were nothing."
"He probably didn't mean to"
"If he didn't mean to, he would've stayed" Hannah said angrily
"But Hannah!" Ariana said slow as normal.
"Hannah nothing. Ma, you and dad always fighting. I'm glad he left. Kinda. Now there can be peace, and you won't be hurt ma."
"Thanks Hannah, but cmon y'all. We have to leave."
"I'll take them and help them pack ma"
"Thanks Hannah"
"No problem mommy"
I laughed. Hannah is so mature like I was. But I just hope she don't make the same mistake like I did. You know, you want the best for them. They don't know better. But I will teach em.
"Charlie. Charlie. Charlie!" Someone screamed in my ear. I picked myself up and was sitting on my bed with my eyes wide open. I looked around my room and found my 12 year old brother, Logan staring at me. He was already dressed for school.
"Logan!" I screamed as I threw a pillow at his face. "What are you doing in my room?!"
"Mom told me to wake you up," He answered.
"Why?" I asked tiredly.
"Because it's 7:10. You need to get ready."
"Damn it! Why do I always do that?!" I asked myself as I jumped out of bed and quickly ran to my closet. I picked out my clothes and ran into the bathroom to take a quick shower.
Days like this were always complicated. I'm just a regular 16 year old high school girl. I have long blonde hair, ending at my waist, and light blue eyes. I also have a clear face with dimples. I have natural pink lips and a small nose.
I'm not like most girls, though. I don't care about shopping that much, how I look in clothes, or what people think of me. I'm more like a tomboy, but I have some girly ways.
After I got dressed, I ran down the stairs quickly to get some breakfast. I found my mom putting my breakfast on the counter, where we usually sit and eat at.
"Hey, Mom." I greeted.
"Hi, sweetie." She greeted back. "Eat quickly before you miss the bus."
"I will." I said as I sat down. Logan came down and sat on the high stool next to me. We both finished our breakfast at the same time.
"Wow, little bro. I didn't know you could finish breakfast that fast. I usually finish before you." I spoke.
"Dude. Things are happening at my school. I can't miss out." Logan replied.
"Like what?" I asked.
"We don't have time for this." Mom interrupted. "Logan, get in the car. I'll meet you there."
"Alright." Logan agreed. He dropped his dish in the sink, grabbed his backpack, and left the house.
"Okay. Charlotte. Why are you wearing that?" Mom asked.
"First of all, I prefer Charlie. Second of all, why are you all of a sudden worrying about the clothes I wear?" I was wearing a huge blue T-shirt with red plaid skinny jeans and blue-green Converse shoes.
"Because I don't like it. Do you really have to wear that?"
"Yes and don't forget the best part." I picked up the black hat with a diamond I brought downstairs. "The hat!"
"Charlotte, why do you have to be like this? Why can't you be the girl I've always wanted you to be?" Mom questioned. I heard the bus pull up at the curb.
"I am the girl you've always wanted me to be. I'm being myself, but no, you have to change me. Why can't you accept that?"
"Look, Charlotte. It's just..."
"It's just what, Mom? Look. I gotta go. The bus is waiting. Bye." I picked up my backpack and headed out of the door. I ran to the bus before the doors shut me out. I found an open seat by the window and watched Mom get in her car and drive Logan away. I will never understand the hazel eyed, brunette mother of mine.
(Hello people! This is my first book on here and hopefully, many people will enjoy it. Anyway, I'll go awag now. Baii! And stay awesome!! .xx)
A: Ian?
I: What?
A: What would you say if Pip was in your room?
I: I would say why the hell is he in my room. Why?
A: What would you say if he is pissing on all of your clothes?
I: I would get mad and ask you to take him out of my room. Why?
A: No reason. :)
I: Anthony, why were you asking me this?
A: ...
I: Pip is in my room, pissing on all my clothes right now, isn't he?
A: Yes...
I: I'll be home in 5.
Cecilia "Cece" Rae Winters WAS the daughter of London's most powerful gangleader, The silver-eyed 'emotionless' Chase Winters of "Silver Bullet" until she witnessed his assassination leaving her orphaned at the age of 12 with her baby brother Lucas Grey Winters ( 4 yr old). Forcing her to grow up early and face the constant obstacles that life throws at her. SIX YEARS LATERafter living in the streets for an year they were taken in by her father's childhood friend , Jeffery Hunters. Deep inside Cece's calm and collected exterior is an uncontrollable anger that she's used to venting out by learning how to fight when she had spent that miserable year in the streets. Striving to take care of her brother and herself, she fights for independence. Then there's Caleb Pierce, heir to "Scorpion" the current no.1 gang. What will the future hold for these two...?
Troians p.o.v:"this is really happening" I say To Keegan as he wrapped his arms round my waist."Yeah it is." he smiled kissing my lips softly.We both got in our silver SUV and soon enough were at the adoption centre.We knew that we were getting a thirteen year old girl and we were over the moon.
Charlottes p.o.v:"CHARLIE!" I heard one of the workers call.
"WHAT?!?" I yell back down.
"SOMEONES HERE TO ADOPT YOU."She replied.
What? Someone want to adopt me ? ...ME?
I rush down stairs with my clothes and iPhone 4.
"Hi!" A beautiful women in her late twenty smiled down at me and a man holding her hand is smiling to.
"Uh hi wait holy crap hi." I realised that it was Keegan Allen and Troian bellisario (there married but troian kept her last name.)
"How would you feel about us adopting you?" Keegan asks.
I looked around then realised no one else was in the room.
"Me?" I ask with a confused look
"Yes." they reply.
"Of course I don't mind!!" I reply
"Great!" Troian says.
We get into her huge car that TVs behind the the drivers seats...TVS!!!
Authors note:Thank you for stopping by to read, lovely readers!!! Please vote and comment. The picture above is a picture of Bella, when she was little.******************************
Chapter 1Orphan. I am just a normal orphan. However, I have a huge secret, but my secret isn't the one to be shared. I, Bella Summers, am really tired and sick of being lonely all the time. So, I'll tell you lovely readers about myself and my life. I bet you guys can keep secrets. Can't you?? I'll start with my background story; well isn't that what all people start with when telling you about their life? I grew up in a happy family (I guess), with a hard-working father and a caring mother. We were really happy together, until that night. That night. That night."Bella, the headmistress wants to talk to you," Alice, my roommate told me.
I live in Dreamy Ville House for Girls, it's an orphan house, that provides all of your needs. I have been living in this old and scrawny house for 10 years, to me this is home. Walking through the halls of this school, bring so many memories back, both good and bad. I have been placed in different foster homes, but they never wanted to adopt me. I reached the auburn wooden door. I have no idea why head mistress Blair wants to talk to me. Blair could be frightening sometimes, however, most of the times she is kind. I knocked on the wooden frame."Come in," I heard Blair call out from the other side of the door. Her voice loud and clear.
"Hello, head mistress Blair, having a lovely afternoon?" I stated, while holding the brightest smile. I always try to be really polite to Blair, because she writes our destinies. "Let's make this quick," she said then added, "pack up your belongings, you're getting adopted."
Finally, told you she writes our destinies, I am free. Hopefully I end up in a wonderful family."Yes miss," I replied. Then I backed away, and got out of her office. I skipped through the halls, until I reached my room.
I packed all of my belongings. Which mostly contained books, since I am such a bookworm.
"Bye Alice," I looked at her while holding the best smirk I could. Let's just say we didn't get along well. "Don't think I am jealous just because you're getting adopted and stuff," she said, with a smirk of her own.
" At least I don't have to stay in this hellhole with you anymore Alice," I snapped back, while leaving the room.I skipped down the cold hallway again... Was I happy? So many thing have happened to me that I am not sure how to react to things.
Outside, the chilly air kissed my bare arms. You could notice how clouds were starting to form, which meant that sooner or later it's going to rain.
When I saw what was waiting outside for me I couldn't believe it. There was a limousine(limo), there and a middle aged lady was waiting by it. Along with the lady a man was waiting by her, their fingers interlaced. I looked down at the paperwork they gave me. the women's name is Shelby, while the guy next to her, her husband, is Tom.
"Let's get going darling we don't have all day," Shelby said, while giving me a disgusting look.
"Excuse me, where would u be taking me?" I question.
"Your new home, ugly creature," she answered.
The ride to "home" was pretty short. Well, to be exact their mansion was placed in the rich part of the town. the part that I would never have been able to live at.
The house was surrounded with crystal fountains and heart shaped bushes(reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.) The butlers and maids ran towards me and picked my luggages. They all seemed nice and kind.I went throw the wooden framed door.
"Your room is upstairs on the third level, next to your stepbrother's room," Shelby informed me.
STEPBROTHERS???????
Okay. Remind me again why we,re watching this again, asked Anne. Because it,s awesome, Sophie answered. Now shhh! Sophie, Rosa and Anne turned back to the tv.

Donnie: We gotta go save April.
Leanardo: Donnie April can take care of herself we got other issues to deal with.
Donnie: against Kari?!
Leanardo: Last I checked if we don't stop the Krang They will destroy everything that uses water. That includes April.
Donnie: April run! Run for your life!


Bleck, Anne said, Why is he so crazy about April? Sophie stared at the screen sadly. Don,t worry bff, Rosa comforted her. You would be much better then April. I think so too she sniffled. Suddenly there was a loud crash in the kitchen. What was that?! Sophie cried. Anne and Rosa screamed. Krang must find the piece that Krang has lost, said a voice in the kitchen. Is that part of the episode? Asked Anne. No, Sophie said. I pretty much have it memorized, and that never happened. We gotta, run! Rosa cried. Run? Sophie asked her. No. we can handle a bunch of stupid krang. You,re right, Lets go, Rosa sniffled. Hey, Wait! No! Anne cried. It could be dangerous! The three of them walked in the kitchen to see some scary looking krang staring at them. The heck, Anne cried. They look like anime. They are anime, Sophie, answered. Krang must find the piece that krang had dropped, the krang repeated. Huh? Krang sees strange human life forms before krang. Anne screamed. Sophie kicked the Krang in the middle of it,s chest. The brain inside the Krangs chest squealed, and popped out. Ewww! Gross! Said Rosa. The brain squealed again and tried to run away towards Rosa. Eww! Get it away! Rosa grabbed a plate and smashed the brain with it. The brain fell unconscious. Uh, Anne? You can come out now, said Sophie. Sophie came out. Hey whats that she asked pointing at a flat mysterious looking disk. I don,t know, Rosa said, Sophie. No idea, she answered. Sophie walked up to it and pressed a button on it. Oops, she said. Suddenly there was a white flash, and the disk turned into a portal and sucked the three friends in, screaming.
DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the Avengers or Marvel characters. All rights go to Marvel. (now that we've got that out of the way, on with the story!)
Arsyn spat at Dr. Drevel's feet, snarling at the small Russian man. Dr. Drevel looked down glancing over at the body of their latest test subject.
"We need results!" Arsyn screamed, stalking away from the Doctor.
"This one lasted a full two days, Arsyn. We are making remarkable progress."
"The Chinese are growing impatient. They want to see a living, breathing test that is worth their money and effort! Our supply of tests have run thin. Bring in the next one and MAKE IT WORK!"
Dr. Drevel mildly observed Arsyn's dramatic exit, turning away as soon as the doors shut. He smiled and kicked the body out of the way. "Clean this up," he said to a hidden lab assistant, who melted out of the shadows and quietly obeyed his orders.
"You," he murmured, pointing at a shivering young boy who wasn't quite as skilled at blending in."Bring in the next one. Let's have a girl this time, shall we?"
A few minutes later, the old body was cleared away and a new one had been brought in, kicking a screaming bloody murder. The Doctor observed her strength, nodding thoughtfully as she was strapped to the lab table. He glided over to her side, grabbing her hand a rubbing it gently.
"Don't touch me!" she growled, fighting to be rid of his touch.
"Oh child, be still. You are only wasting your strength, and trust me, in the days to come you will need strength. I need you to be nice and cooperative for me. Don't worry, I'll explain as I go along. First I am going to remove your shirt, so the process can properly begin. I apologize, we ran out of anesthetic. You will simply have to bear it." Dr. Drevel gave a huge sigh, then motioned and assistant to hand him a small hot iron, with the shape of an octopus on the end.
"Be still now," The Doctor said to the girl.
Arsyn grinned as he heard the screams of a woman echoing down the hall.
Hey y'all! Give this a vote if you liked this so far, comment suggestions, corrections, or anything else! The song of the chapter is I Will Survive by Gloria Gayner. I hope you stick with me as we go through my first story together. Don't worry, the Avengers will be appearing soon! How bout you comment you favorite Avenger. See you soon!!!-EAA
•in this Sarah Paulson and Jessica Lange are dating already•
•Sarah's POV•I slowly sit up to check the time on my alarm clock, it's 3am and I still can't sleep. I unwrap Jessica's arms from my waist and climb out of bed. I make my way down the wooden stairs and walk into our kitchen. I make myself a cup of coffee and sit down at the marble island in the middle of the room. After I've finished my coffee, I go to the living room, turn on the TV and catch up on real housewives. •3 hours later• Once I've finished watching housewives, I decide to make breakfast for me and Jess. I begin by putting some bacon on and then make scrambled eggs. I put the toast, eggs and bacon on two plates, and make us both some coffee. I put our food on a tray and take it upstairs to where Jessica is asleep. I walk into our room and set the tray down on the dressing table, I make my was over to Jess and gently shake her "Jess...Jess... I made you breakfast" I say, here eyes slowly flutter open, and she sits up. "Morning beautiful" she says with a smile on her face "morning baby" I reply. I bring her food over, and her face lights up. "My favourite breakfast, Thankyou Sar" she says. I make my way to the left side of the bed and we both eat our breakfast whilst talking about what we have to do today.
In the year, 2078, the world was thriving on technology. It was the time of technological miracles. They called it the Golden Age. The world was ruled by the Bolvark Empire, who followed one global law. Obey. Obey as in listen to the laws, always agree with the governments and live by their rules.However, if you had failed to comply with this law (Which wasn't really 'one' law), you were brought by the Higher Powers to the H-Zone, which was a court and prison combined. There, you would be sentenced to death without any trial. Throughout the days, those who were "disliked" by the Higher Powers went to the H-Zone and never returned.Only a few people knew about this, and those who tried to testify against the authority of the Gov' would be shot dead or assassinated the night before.
Now, a secret group of Rebels have started a underground Rebellion. This group of Rebels travel the world as Circus Actors that go by the name: The Blade Dancers; Assassinating members of The Higher Powers.
Finally, upon the votes of the entire Rebellion, The Blade Dancers crew have been asked to partake a dangerous suicide mission; To travel to the main city of the Bolvark Empire and kill the royal highness, himself.
*Will work on this later when insanity consumes me completely. :D*
I opened my eyes and staggered back. I was back in the school.... Back in this nightmare.
"WHY!? GODDAMMIT WHY?!" I screamed in distress. I heard something move and saw Kyle sitting up in fear.
"Wh-where are we...." Kyle muttered in shock. I sighed and told him to follow me.
"Stan! Where are we!?" He repeated, trembling like crazy.
"This is the fucking place I told you about before! You were here! This all happened! And the whole fucking stories going to repeat itself!" I punched the wall in anger. "GODDAMMIT WHY! WHY ARE YOU MAKING THIS SO HARD!" I raged and continued punching and kicking the wall. "IM SO SICK OF THIS PLACE!!"
Kyle just stood there and let my rage on.
After a couple of minutes, I stopped and stood there panting. "At least I'm not sick..." I heaved.
"Sick...?" Kyle asked confused.
"You wouldn't have remembered..." I sighed. "Come on... We gotta find the rest of the group... Wait.... We gotta go to the cafeteria!" I stammered, realizing I could finally get the food, even though I wasn't that hungry. But I knew after a week I would be. I grabbed Kyles hand and pulled him into the hallway so we could find the cafeteria.
Everything seems good for me. All of the things i've had was amazing.I've had beautiful life, with my bestfriend Arsyn. We've been friends like forever and no one knows where do we begin this friendship thing.We are busy with ourselves since the bomb in New York City three months ago.We haven't meet again.I got recruited by Welvin and now i'm in this Squad headquarter.Headmistress walked towards my room. Its like a bunker. But i don't care what my room looks like by the way."Hello, Cat." Headmistress said to me. I just smile at her and waving my hand at her. She sit right next to me."Are you feeling good today?" She asked me."Not very well. I've tried to but i don't know, i can't." I tell her as she hugs me."Okay, i don't know how to say but now you should meet The Trinity right away. They were upstairs. Waiting on you. To check you up." Headmistress said."Alright. Let's go." I tell her but she stopped me."Just remember, band aids don't fix bullet holes girl!" Headmistress winked at me and i laugh.
I walked upstairs and meet The Trinity."Welcome, Catastrophe." They greeted me."Well hello Trinity! Why are you girls find me?" I asked them."Yes, we were about to check you up. Because tonight, Welvin Da Great will meet you at the corridor. He wanna give you some case. He hates Lucky Fiori so much." The Trinity said while laying me at a big stuff as an xray checking my body. All over. I'm only on my underwear but not exactly like what you were thinking of. Lucky Fiori is a friend of Welvin and Headmistress. But they were kind of standing with their own problems even they were seeing each other everyday, they haven't talk."You were good today, Cat. The result will be out in 30 minutes." The Trinity said."Thank you. I have to meet Destructa X." I tell her as she mouthing 'goodbye' and i walked out.I saw her at the Guns Room."Hey Destructa, what are you doing here by the way?" I asked her."I'm here to checking my lovely big gun by the way. And ummm, is there anythin' i could help?" Destructa asked back with her british accent."Hmmm i just wondering about James. My boyfriend. We haven't see each other since i got here and being in this Squad. I don't even remember what he is look alike right now. All i remember was James walking together with Arsyn. But i knew she will never did that. Because she knew James loves me more than anything. He keep waiting for me." I said.Destructa put her gun into the locker and hugs me"Its so sad to hear that babe! But don't worry, he will come if he want to see ya." Destructa said as she let go off me."I know. And i have to meet Welvin tonight. He wanted to see me." I tell her."You better hurry, okay. You know, we had dinner tonight together with the rest of team." Destructa said."Yeah okay. See ya." I tell her as i walked out of the Guns Room. I always talk to her like everyday because she knew me as well and understand my feeling whenever i felt so down.
I'm about to meet Welvin. He standing outside his room, right at the corridor."Well good evening, Catastrophe." Welvin greeted me."Evening, Mr. Da Great." I greeted him back."You've got a case." Welvin said."Why it have to be me? I mean i'm new here and there so many good fighters right here like Domino, Headmistress, The Crimson Curse, also Cut Throat. I don't even know what case about by the way." I tell him."Here." He show me a big screen right in front of me, with the high technology."Its Bella Amy. She is the robber in the bank." Welvin said."Oh sorry i think you were wrong man. I can't do that. Domino could do that in 3 seconds without a wink!" I yelled.He stopped me and held my hand."You were amazing. I saw your results. You got the first rank! You made Domino to be in the second rank. Why won't you just try it out? And i choose you because you had that skill! Why don't you just try it?" Welvin said without hang off the Ray Ban glasses he wear.I was confused. I was thinking about the case too.And the James.Maybe i could meet James after the case?That would be great idea!"I'll take the case. When?" "You thinking it so fast! Tomorrow, in the morning. After the breakfast. Because she rob the bank at 8am. Every Sunday." He said as i nod and left him.
(Destructa Pov)Do you want to know why am i being so close to Catastrophe. She was amazing friend and always be with me whenever i'm in bad situation or good situation.She sit next to mine with a bad mood face she had."You okay?" I whisper to her.She just tried to forcing a smile.I smile at her and continuing to eat.
(Catastrophe pov)I saw Domino who still practicing as i sit next to her."Hey Cat. What are you doing here?" Domino asked."I'm good. I just can't sleep and i'm still thinking about my life. I felt betrayed. But i'm not sure if its true or not." I tell her."Then screaming loud. It helps." Domino said."Okay." I said to her as i stand up and screaming louder."It helps right?" Domino said."You were right." I tell her."In here, you were trained and makes you who you are. They will know who you really are. You aren't weak. That's why Welvin recruited you." Domino said."You're right, Dom." I tell her as she smile at me."Let's go to sleep, there will be more days to go." Domino said as i chuckled.
Cliffhangerrr!!!What do you think for the first chapter of Bad Blood?Tell me which character that've been your favorite!!XxVira.
'I am going to have to kill my daughter,' King Lucien of the magical kingdom of Faerlin announced with sadness to the crowd.'Why, why?' The crowd shouted'Because of the witch's curse that said every child of mine will suffer for a year before finally dyeing at sixteen. I want to spare my princess that pain. Kill her when she turns sixteen. She won't have to suffer.'
A tear rolled down the king's cheek and the crowd weeped with him. King Lucien sighed, remembering his days as a prince when he bullied a witch at the school he attended, Magical Talents academy. One day in potion's class, he was partners with the witch he bullied, Annie Robinson. He didn't want to be with her, so he spilled the contents of his half finished potion on to her. 'But the professor said spilling a potion was dangerous and could kill, ' Annie had cried
Lucien was smirking. The potions professor rushed Annie to the hospital. The Doctor's did their best to cure her but to no avail. Annie lay in hospital for over a year and when she was about to die at the end of year, she cursed Prince Lucien. 'When Prince Lucien becomes king and has children, they will suffer for a whole year when they reach fifteen. When they turn sixteen, they will die.' She shuddered her last breaths and lay still, unmoving. The nurse who was with her in shock. She raced to tell the hospital's top doctor. The top doctor's face had  turned pale.
' 'No..' He whispered. 'Tell Prince Lucien about this curse,'the doctor ordered.Prince Lucien's reaction was predictable being the snobbish royal brat he is.'No way she cursed me, I don't believe it..'But Lucien became humble that day of Annie's death. He would never forgive himself. But he would not believe for one second she cursed him.
And as King Lucien looked over the miserable crowd, he regretted it to this very day he did not believe her.
Princess Lucia turned her head away from the window of her bedroom in the palace where she watching everything unfold.
No! I will be turning sixteen in two months, she thought with fear creeping across her face. I cannot let my father become a murdurer! I have to find a way to break it. The library? Maybe she could think of a spell that would bring Rumplestilskin from the book of fairy tales and make a deal? Was there anything, something she could do?
'The witch's Magic dosen't work outside of Faerelin,' a voice said behind her.It was her maid, trying to comfort her.No! Lucia thought. Leaving Faerelin? No way! Can't leave my beloved country and I would lose all my magic! Lucia paced up and down. She had to run. Hide.Anything to stop her father becoming a murdurer...
She felt the breeze of the wind across her face and for a second there felt calm. Just enjoy the present moment of being alive, she told herself. It was a cool spring day in the magical country of Faerelin. The flowers were growing. Birds were chirping. Nature didn't seem to care what was about to happen to Princess Lucia.If she died, life would go on. Knock, knock.Who's there? asked Lucia.'I'm not going to respond with a knock knock joke.''I'm not going to respond with a knock knock who?' Giggled Lucia.'Your best friend, Kate.
Lucia smiled. Someone to share her troubles with!Kate entered the room and immediately through her arms around her.'Oh Lucia, I can't believe you will leave us! We have no heir!''Hey, maybe we can become a democracy like western countries outside Faerelin. We can create a constitution...' Lucia's voiced trailed off.
'But tradition is more important!' Kate exclaimed. 'We must continue the royal bloodline!''but who?' Lucia pressed.SilenceLucia grabbed Kate's arm.'I don't want to die so soon!' She sobbed'I don't want my father to be murdurer.''He's being kind, Lucia. You are a pretty girl with long red hair , brown eyes .Illness will ruin you.''So I should die pretty?' Lucia asked trembling with laughter.'That's not what I am saying.''But you are,'Lucia insisted. She saw her father leave the podium and come towards the castle.'He's coming,' whispered Lucia. 'Is he going to kill me now?'To be continued...
ERRR MAHHH GAWDDD!ERRR MAHHH GAWDDD!
SHE'S SO RACIST!Like, wtf! What kind of a best friend says that? D:<
I'm ranting!AHAHAHHEWKNIWIDJWNWNND
I almost cried! Just 'cause she's a perfect Filipino girl, doesn't mean she can be racist to me! ;-;I thought she was my best friend! AHH!I don't know what to doooo!I'm so upset!
I'll explain. (All characters in this story are based on real life characters, do not copywrite these characters or their personalities, that would be like cloning.)
I was sitting in my, 'maths classroom'.Facing Sa-- lly...? And her friend L-- isa...?They were two of my other friends.We were talking about quite a racist topic.."Aren't white people ONLY Australians and Americans?" I asked. "Yeah, I think so" replied Sally. I widened my eyes, "So, since I'm European, that means I'm not white.. right?" I spoke loudly. 'Jane..?' (My so-called, 'best friend') pointed at me and said, "yes you are, you're white all over!",
----AHH! I hate her so much for saying that! I'm not proud of my skin tone! I hate it! THEY LAUGHED ABOUT IT!I can't believe they actually found it funny, and I can't believe I'm ranting about it! x<

. . . . . . . . . I Snow White I . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . I Frost Kingdom I . . . . . .
Everything was white. Even though it was night, even though the sky was pitch black. He could feel the whiteness all around him. He stumbled over the snow as he ran, sloppy fat snowflakes clinging to his hair and clothes, clumping his eyelashes and burning the skin of his face.
He didn't know what he was doing, he didn't even know where he was. He ran anyway, as fast as he could, because of this feeling, this wrenching, suffocating, clingy feeling of absolute dread. He had no memories, not even of his own name. His brain was a blank sheet of stark white, like hospital walls.
It was cold, oh so freezing, but he didn't feel it. He just knew. His thin white shirt clung to his arms and chest and back, crackling with frost as he moved, his tight black pants almost felt like they were a part of his skin. His breath came out in puffs, white smoke sparkling as it made contact with the snowflakes twirling all around him.
And he ran and ran and ran until he couldn't feel his bare feet anymore, until he felt like his lungs finally collapsed from so much rushed breathing. His whole immune system was starting to slowly shut down, protesting his overexertion with blurring vision and the threat of passing out. He paid his body no attention and continued to run, although at a much slower pace, until he saw a burning blue light in the distance. Gathering all the strength he had left, he half-ran, half-crawled to the light's source, which turned out to be a small wooden cabin, and collapsed the moment his shaking fist came in contact with the door.
~*~ ~*~ ~*~
The whiteness was so incredibly blinding and harsh that it hurt his brain. He slowly opened his eyes and the world around him came into a much softer, and thankfully darker, focus. He was laying down on something warm and soft, with a dark grey wool blanket pulled all the way up to his chin. He could hear the crackling of a fireplace somewhere beyond his line of vision.
Everything was so hot and stuffy and suffocating and his heart was beating double its regular speed. He took his hands out from under the blanket and tried to prop himself up into a sitting position.
The room was small and softly lit by the dancing flames of the fireplace in the corner. The bed he was in was on the opposite side of a huge window, but he couldn't see outside because it was covered with heavy velvet draperies. The floor was wood, just like the walls, and a thin patterned carpet was set right in the middle of it.
There was a smell in the room, something so subtle that he couldn't quite pin-point it exactly, something along the lines of lilacs and roses and blood and something else. He's sure he'd never smelt it before, but it was making his hands curl up in fists on their own accord, whether in anger or in fear, he wasn't sure.
He threw the covers off of himself, exhaling in relief as the slightly cooler air surrounded him. His heartbeat wouldn't slow down, even though he had no clue what caused it to go so fast in the first place. His mind felt so blank that he didn't even care how unsettling it was.
The door on the far right opened soundlessly, but his head quickly snapped toward the movement. The girl closed the door behind her and slowly walked toward him, and he was hit with that smell much harder this time. He kept his face blank as he observed her; white, almost sparkling long wavy hair, wide twinkling eyes that pierced right into his soul (he wasn't sure if that was even possible because it felt like he already had his soul sucked out of him). She was wearing black and purple that covered every part of her body other than her pale face. And when she spoke, her voice was the tinkling of icicles on frozen pines, the sound those spinning ballerina music boxes made when they twirled.
"You don't remember me," she said and smiled when he nodded. "I'm glad."
She didn't look very glad. In fact, she didn't look like she was feeling anything at all, a perfect neutral mask guarding her emotions.
He could ask her, ask her if she knew him, if he used to know her somehow before, but the blankness of his brain felt so much more comfortable. So he didn't ask, he didn't say anything at all, just stared right back at her.
"Let's go to the kitchen," she said, turning back to the door. "You should be hungry."
He followed her out of the room, his growling stomach answering for him. The kitchen was pretty small as well, all wood and chrome, dimly lit by glowing blue light that didn't seem to come from anywhere in particular.
She gestured for him to sit at the oak table and after a few minutes of the sounds of clinking dishes, she put down a hot bowl of soup in front of him. He thanked her, and started to eat slowly, the liquid burning his throat when he swallowed. She stood leaning against the wall, watching him with conflicting emotions barely flickering in those wide eyes.
After he finished and put the spoon down, the bowl suddenly up and floated away and he almost fell out of his chair with a loud yelp. The girl bit down her smile as the bowl finally landed in the sink. He stared at her, heart manically rattling in his chest.
"Telekinesis," the girl simply said as his spoon lifted off the table and floated in space right above her raised index finger.
"Who are you?" he asked, but he really didn't care as long as she let him stay here. He didn't want to leave this place for some reason.
"Lacie," she answered. "Your biggest enemy."
The blankness in his mind twitched a little, like static. He gave her a questioning glance and she smiled sweetly at him as the spoon floated to the sink to join the bowl.
"But not anymore, not really, because you don't remember. Plus, you're really cute when you're not plotting my murder."
"I..." The static twitched again. "I was plotting your murder?"
"Mine and half the world's."
She looked so calm but he was so confused. "I...?"
Leaning toward him over the table until her face was inches away, her gaze turned serious. He had to blink a few times because her eyes were like a starry sky and suddenly that choking feeling of despair was back.
"But you're not anymore. You're not him anymore." His brain was going haywire, glitching like a broken laptop screen. "You killed him."
He reared back, unbalancing the chair which came crashing to the floor, gravity pulling him with it. Chest heaving and vision blurring with involuntary tears. She kneeled next to him as he looked up at her angelic face.
"I sent you the apple, Prince Yuki," she said, brushing his black hair away from his forehead with her warm fingers. "In the note, it said that if you eat it, it'll erase you. I didn't know if you'd eat it or throw it away and continue with your plan."
"I don't remember anything..." His forehead was burning painfully from her touch and she finally removed her hand.
"That means you ate it. And the Five Kingdoms are not buried in 50 feet of snow."
"But why-"
"A long time I promised to save you from yourself if you couldn't do it. And even though you didn't know I made that promise, I'm still keeping it."
That feeling in his chest tightened, squeezing his lungs until he could barely breathe. "Who am I?"
"Whoever you want to be."
January 7th, Seven Years Ago
It had been officially six months since the day we got the phone call. My father and I dashed through the hospital door, my father screaming at the receptionist to let us see my mother. I remember the woman telling my father to calm down, and that my mother was in critical condition after being hit head on by a wrong way driver in broad daylight.
I was 13 at the time, and I could still feel the tears gushing down my face after hearing those dreadful words come from the doctor's mouth.
"I'm sorry, there is no easy way to say this. I'm afraid Mrs. Victoria Martin didn't make it."
Mrs. Victoria Martin didn't make it.
My mother didn't make it.
I could still remember freezing, and trying to pretend that I never heard it. But it was unavoidable. I could still see the horror on my father's face, and seeing him drop to his hands and knees in despair.
"She's gone," he barely whispered. My heart was torn to shreds in that moment. Other people near us came over trying to console us, but it just wasn't possible. I could still feel the cold depression creeping over me.
How could she have left so soon? I still needed her, we still needed her. I couldn't possibly live without my mother. Later, we were allowed to see my mother's body. She was absolutely unrecognizable. Her face plastered with dry blood, that heartwarming beautiful smile completely gone. Those loving, warm eyes, suddenly blank.
I couldn't look at her five seconds before burying my face in my father's chest, sobbing uncontrollably, my father doing the same. It was like this for months. My father and I only had each other left, and we lived off of each other. Our pain had no difference. After all, he was the only one I had left.
I didn't really have many friends, and I wasn't the most liked person, so having no friends to help you out really does impact how you recover. I guess I never will recover at all.
We had just gotten back from winter break, and most girls came back tanned (keep in mind it's winter) with brand new clothes and they think back to school means see your friends.
To me it means deal with the guy who's entire life must revolve on making my life miserable. That morning was the same as any other morning. Get up, brush my teeth, shower, wash my dull dark hair, and try and rid my brown skin of acne by just staring at it. I just put my hair a ponytail and dressed myself in the usual loose sweatshirt, black dress pants, and black sneakers.
Nothing special. Of course when it came to me nothing was ever special. I'm pretty sure I lost a bit of my novelty when I lost my mother. I wasn't always so quiet and emotional. I used to have a small group of three friends. But I separated myself from them after sixth grade. That was a mistake. After exiting my room, I froze seeing some random lady sleeping on the couch.
Oh, that must be what dad dragged in after getting drunk off his ass last night. It was like that almost every weekend. My dad would come home absolutely wasted at 3 in the morning making out with some whore he met in a bar or something. He refused to admit alcohol and women were what he used to forget about my mom. It hurts seeing my dad with someone other than my mother.
Watching your father betray your passed mother multiple times isn't the easiest thing to do. If I try and do something about it, I know I'll fail, just like all the other times. As I neared the couch, I saw the sleeping whore had no clothes on and the thing that was covering her bare rear end was one of our pillows.
Ew.
I saw her clothes on the floor and smirked to myself. Picking them up as if it was dog crap, I opened the door to our yard and accidentally dropped them into the garbage bin. Maybe I didn't lose all of my humor. Now came the hard part of my day. Reed Warren. The source of a lot of my pain.
I tried telling my father about the torture that happens to me in school. He told me to stop acting like such a baby and for me to grow up and learn that things like these happen to everyone. I guess everyone loses a piece of themselves when a loved one passes away. I lost some of my novelty, and I guess he lost some of his humanity.
On my walk to school I passed a few things. A giant tree towering over me, with leaves still green even though the trees around it are bare and dry looking. It still blossomed under the circumstances it was in. I passed a boy and a girl in a car, singing along to a popular song, laughing at each other's terrifying singing skills. And a young woman, obviously expecting a baby, taking a walk with her partner. Boyfriend or husband, I don't know.
She waved and smiled at me, and I gave a small smile back. It feels like the world just loves virtually giving out happiness to everything that basically moves.
Except for me. I got close the building marked, WOODLAND HIGH SCHOOL. It should be called place of despair, shame, and torment. I slipped through the enormous front doors, and looked around. I sighed a breath of relief. Just as I thought I was alone, a pair of big strong hands cover my eyes and wrap around my neck. I struggled against them but my attempts were futile.
"Though you were alone you little bitch? You thought wrong Rae Ann!" Reed Warren said, pulling me into one of the hallways.
"Let me go Reed!" I cried, desperate.
"You think you can get away that easy?" Reed said in a harsh tone, dragging me to the end of the hallway, covering my mouth so I couldn't speak. Finally, he threw me to the ground, and I started coughing from the way he was pulling my neck.
"I think it's fun seeing little skanks like you try and beg for mercy," He said, staring at me with those cold, dark blue eyes. Does nobody come to school or do the teachers all think it's entertaining to stay in their classrooms and block out all noises?Reed frowned, and looked down on me with a spiritless expression.
"Aren't you going to cry?" Reed questioned. I didn't respond. Responding would probably make things worse. Instead I just looked at the ground.
"Fine, if you won't cry now, you'll cry later," Reed threatened and walked straight down the hallway. Knowing Reed was out of sight, I let the tears roll freely down my cheeks. It was so unreasonable as to why he always had to pick on me and make me feel like trash for no reason. I never did anything to him.
But maybe it is my fault. Maybe I'm just way too different to have friends. Maybe my personality just isn't the same. If I was perfect he wouldn't make me suffer like this. I wish I was just like anyone else.
The rest of my day droned on. I got a D on my science test and an F on my algebra test. I was just too distracted in class by all my bad thoughts and all my grieving for my mother. It's not like I'll need a ninth grade algebra for the rest of my life anyway.
At lunch I ate in the library, because I wouldn't be allowed to sit anywhere without all the other people moving to another table.
In my creative writing class I did get an A on my project. This was the only class I enjoyed. I enjoyed getting to write down all my thoughts and feelings and it also benefits my GPA. Although in my English class Reed somehow got the whole class to make fun of me when I couldn't pronounce one of the vocabulary words correctly.
In my gym class we had to play a demonic version of dodgeball where there were no sides and we could only identify teams by a little red or blue belt. Reed and I were on the same team but he got some of his friends on the other team to pelt me with kick balls. One hit me so hard it bruised my nose.
I was so relieved to get home, it felt like a breath of fresh air. Up until I heard the noises coming from my father's room and I walked straight back out.
I just sat there outside, contemplating what it would be like to die. It seems pretty morbid, but this planet obviously didn't care about me and it would affect anyone if I died. Except for my dad. He's the only thing stopping me from suicide. Even though it seems as though he doesn't care about me, I know he would be a wreck if I killed myself.
I could never leave him. I was the only thing he had left. I had to cross the street after the noises got louder and I could hear them from outside. After half an hour, I came back inside and my dad and that woman that I saw this morning were on the couch, guzzling Jack Daniels. When the whore from this morning saw me, she glared at me hatefully.
She looked a little messy, her black hair kind of crazy and I would have complimented her on her really nice skin if she wasn't sleeping with my dad. She and my dad were both sweating like crazy, even though the A/C was on.
Ew.
"I know what you did with my clothes this morning you little brat!" the lady said. I crossed my arms and sneered at her.
"Frankly I think I was doing you a favor. You looked like a checkerboard wearing that skimpy dress. And honestly, I don't think 65 year old women should be wearing such things," I said. She opened her mouth before my slightly drunk dad could intervene.
"Oh please! I am not 65! And you shouldn't talk to adults that way. But it's obvious a skinny thing like you is jealous of a woman like me," she said, flipping her smooth hair.
Biiiittttchhh! The high pitched voice in my mind shouted.
"At least I don't look like Madea," I retorted. Her jaw dropped in disbelief. I smirked, glad to know I got to her.
"You are so rude!" She snapped.
"And you are a slut but I never said anything about that." And with that, I left the room feeling a bit more confident in myself.
Later that night, after banging on my father's door to keep it down, I was dwelling on what that woman had said about me. Why is it that I could stand up to her but not Reed? And what she said about me being jealous. I knew she was just talking about body shape but was I just jealous because she was with my father?
Maybe me not being like her was the big problem. I'm not as beautiful as she is and that could be the reason why nobody likes me. That could be the reason nobody wants to be my friend. Ugh, I wish all this pain would just end already.
Well that was the first chapter of A Fresh Start! If you saw any typos, mistakes, whatever please please pretty please let me know! It improves the quality of my book and makes it easier to read.
Let me know what you thought about this book and if you have any suggestions, let me know via PM.
Picture of Rae Ann (present not past as in not the age she was in this chapter) Attached
Love Ya!
-That Girl
And I bet you didn't knowThat she cries herself to sleep Every night thinking of youReplaying everything you ever said Every thing you ever did And wondering where she went wrong
Sly's POV (you will figure out everything about him later)The same as every other day... sun up, head out to explore... except this time was different. 'A fire? In the woods?' I run towards the source... but my hand... oh no. (His left hand was pure bone, but withered brown)... I start to run again, and see what I hoped not to... a village. Being attacked by the army of death. I was about to step to help, but then the village's guard stepped in... and faught back. I felt my hands twitch... all blood... so much delicious blood... I couldn't take it. I ran in, smeared a bit of blood on my left hand, licking it clean... first mistake. I give a feral roar, my eyes turning completely red... I ran into the fight, channeling my magic, and blasted a assasin with fire. I then ran, getting the attention of two tankers and a few dread knights. A magic circle formed around me, creating a dome of light. I crossed my arms, and bursted the dome, making a explosion of light, killing the tankers and dreadknights, and anything in a ten-block (it's a MC fanfic whaaaat?) Radius. I smiled wickedly as I approached a downed, and bleeding... female archer? "Hey. You ok?"I said, and she backed up, gasping from the pain. "Easy, easy. Hey, look at me... good girl."I smiled at her, with her blushing like mad as she looked me over... i'm 6' 9, with a lean yet strongly muscular build. I have differnt color eyes: Red on the left with gold specks, and gold on the right with red specks. The strangest part is, i'm a furry. Wolf, to be exact. I have black fur, and I was wearing black jeans with tight black army boots that go halfway up my leg from knee to foot, covering the last bit of my jeans. I have a black shirt with a symbol on the back, i'm not sure what it means, and I also wear a robe-like cloak that doesn't have a hood, and it was black, yes I know i'm obsessed with the color black but it's the only thing other than dark grey that matches my fur. My muscles tend to show through my shirt, so i'm assuming that is why she is blushing. "What is your name?" I ask, putting a hand on her cheek, and smiled warmly, healing her of the darkness and the wound. "C-courtney..." she said after a minute or two staring into my eyes. "I'm Sly. Sly the wolf." I sat next to her, and made a dome of light around us, turning to her. I smiled as a few more tankers come and attack the dome, but were frozen... warlocks? The village guard has warlocks? They froze the holes and entrances to the village walls, and made a dome of ice around the village... I turn to Courtney, who has fallen asleep on my shoulder... she looked adorable... I looked down... I was hard. 'No no no, Sly. She probably has or had a boyfriend before she was turned...' but still, my mind said no, but my body, however, said yes. I slipped a arm around her, rubbing her side. I reached under her shirt, and lightky squeezed her right breast, and slipped my hand away as she woke up... I slightly smiled... I would never, ever do that... I really don't know what came over me. I dispersed the light, and got up, walking away, killing off any survivors that belonged to death...???'s POVI ran straight to the church as the village guard advanced on the left wall, and ran inside to the podium, grabbing the silver sword, dipping it in the holy water...the water hardened around the sword, and I grabbed a few bottles, filling it up with holy water... I ran out, going into a fighting stance... 'Looks like training to be one of the village guard paid off.' I ran, slashing at any death that got in my way. I stabbed a female archer in the chest from behind, and ran off in a different direction, killing anything that got in my way, and watched as what must be a mage kill two tankers, giant zombies with bones showing here and there, and a few dreadknights, and I was hit on my head, everything turning black...
(A/N hey guys , girls and fellow furs! This is my first story, so sorry if it's a little bad. But, If you liked it, let me know and i'll update ASAP. I think it's a fair chapter... pretty short, though. If there are any flaws, tell me, i'll work them out. Also, cliffhanger! Est out!)
It's been a year since it happened. the accident. I was caught up with how much I didn't have, but now I see what went wrong.
I started to hear conversations that weren't taking place around me. It could be silent in the room, and I could hear talking.
I went to my boyfriend John's house, and we completely zoned out for a while. but he was talking, and kinda loud. but then I realized nothing was coming out of his mouth.
"What are you talking about John? I wasn't listening for a second." "I wasn't talking about anything, but I am thinking about something." he said as just put his hand on mine. "I'm sure it's just lack of sleep. you do stay up all night sometimes." I stood up REAL SLOW while shaking my head and said "but I heard you talking" and John asked "when?". "Just then, a minute ago. I swear I did."
We sat in silence, and I droned over the facts of what had just happened. i turned to John, and he looked at me "what is it?" he asked. I said to him "I think I can read minds."
HI GUYS  PLEASE DONT COPYRIGHT  THIS STORY CAN BE MAYBY VIOLATION AND A LITTEL BAD WORDS  SO ITS A AGE STORY FOR 10 and up  thanks  bye story coming  June 27        THANKS UMM I WILL ADD MORE BUT COMMET ONLY FOR THIS CHAPTER
Everyone is in Highschool! That means, everyone in FNaF is 14, 15, 16
Winter's snow was raining down from the gray clouds on the night sky. Have I ever seen snow before? I was never sure...
Everything was dead silent. I reached out my hand, and felt a snowflake land on it.
My smile grew soft.
~~~~~~~~~
I woke up, realizing I was sleeping in class. It was my first day, the class didn't start yet.I rubbed my eyes, hearing someone saying something to me. I looked to my side, seeing a... Girl/Boy, waving her hand at me. It had some red glasses on.
"Excuse me, but do you have a book I can read?"
It sounded like a boy...Maybe it's a girl with a deep voice? Not that deep though..
I shook my head. It sighed, looking back to their desk.I looked around, seeing some weird 'popular' girl taking selfies, a boy just throwing papers at a girl who seemed silent, another girl glaring at a boy with glasses.
Without hesitation, I quickly looked over to my right, and said, "What is your name?"
The boy smiled lightly. "I'm Mike."
"Well, I'm Kathy. Nice to meet you!"
Before Mike could speak, someone coughed very loudly, causing everyone to look over to the door. Realizing, the teacher was standing there, smiling lightly."Hello class! Nice to meet you! I'm Mrs. Hamerson, and I'm looking forward for your respect, and good behaviors!"
"Hi, Mrs. Hamerson...", everyone replied with a tired tone.
"Well, since this is our first day, mind if we introduce ourselves?"
"As the most prettiest and astonishing girl in this class, I'll be first~."The girl with blonde long hair stood up. I gave her a dirty look, remembering she was the 'Selfie-Addict'.
"More like the ugly one...", the lazy bum next to her spoke out, causing some giggles to form around the classroom.
"How dare you? As I was saying... My name is Illizabeth Matson, a proud, pretty, and smart young girl who loves to be popular."
"And boastful..." The boy said again.
Giggles came out again.
The girl shot a glare at him, and sat down, pouting.
"What a nice-", she tried not to laugh. "I-Introduction, Illizabeth!"
Then, a girl who had black hair with dark blue hightlights stood up."Hey. I'm Olivia Heugens, somewhat like the tough type. Annnd, that's all I'm gonna say."
~~~~~~~~ Okay, tired, so I'm just gonna give you information. The old fashioned way! :D ((I think.))
Name: Harry FitzgeraldPersonality: lazy, rude, a rebel.Description: Has black hair, and green eyes.
Name: Raynie SchmidtPersonality: Quiet, shy, always bulliedDescription: Has brown hair, and blue eyes.
Name: Mike SchmidtPersonality: Busy, Perverted, and somewhat related to Harry's Personality.Description: Has brown hair, and blue eyes.
Name: Mikayla CharlestonPersonality: Quiet, smart, artisticDescription: Has blonde hair, with green eyes.
Name: Charlie RabanalPersonality: Different, and Ambivert at times, IndependentDescription: Has brown hair, and brown eyes. Loves Books.
~~~~~~~~~
Everyone introduced their selves. I saw Mike giving his sister a thumbs up for 'Good Job!'. I smiled lightly.Even I introduced myself. Don't know why. Usually I sit and refuse to speak that much information. I stay mysterious, just like what great great grandfather said.
Never tell out personal information to people you don't really trust. Stay occupied with much work possible, and get a good reputation. But do not tell them your personal information.
My parents were off to another country, I'm guessing it was somewhere in England.
We didn't really do much for the first period. I expected more to it though.As we walked out of class, I saw the shy girl sitting by herself.
I walked towards her. "Ummm... Hi, Raynie."
She looked up, and smiled lightly. "Hello."
"Why are you here by your self?"
"Mike told me to stay here. I'm not sure why, but I'm having the slightest feeling he's hanging out with Harry."
"Oh. That guy.", I said, rolling my eyes. I sat next to her. "Say, you are a very good speaker. But... You should speak up. I barely heard you."
"R-really? I'm sorry! I just really- I can't speak too loud in front of an audience."
"Well, at least I can hear you."
"Watch out!!!"
Both of us looked to our right, to see one girl and a boy running after a cart of supplies.I stood up, and luckily stopped the cart. The girl and boy smiled, and thanked me.
"Umm.. What's all this?", I asked.
"Oh, this? These are the supplies for the Winter Concert!"
"Uhhh... What now? And why so early?"
"One, we don't know.", the boy started, pointing to him, then the girl. "And two, Winter is coming pretty early, and the seniors from last year has left for college."
I looked to the girl. "What grade are you guys in?"
"This is our first year here. Dunno why I got enrolled to this kind of school. I mean, there is so many gifted students around here.. And to answer your question, 10th grade.", the boy answered for her.
"True. I love playing the piano!", I said, smiling widely.
"I guess I'm good at making children smile..?", the boy replied, making a confused tone at the end of that sentence. "Oh! Forgot! I'm Mario, and this is..."
The girl looked to him. He looked to her, but she shook her head. I kept glancing at both of them."Never mind, she's too shy to say. She's-"
The girl took him by the hand, and dragged him away from me. That was... Awkward?Is she.. Mute?
Raynie stood up, smiling. "I gotta go. My brother might be roaming far off without me..."I looked to her, and smiled back. "Okay! Bye, Raynie! See you soon!"
She waved back, and started walking off.There is a Winter Concert coming up? When? How? What is going to be there? Where?!
Questions are so common in my life, I can't keep track.I decided to go to the Auditorium, maybe there's someone there that can answer my questions.
•~~~•~~~•
I arrived, and went in, seeing groups of children and some staff members walking around.I quickly spotted Mario and that girl. I ran to them, and waved. But wait. How did they get the cart in here? Didn't I see the cart in front of me a few moments ago? While I was outside?
Well, I know that cart is a magical one.All I need is a broom closet, and I'm all set.
Mario spotted me too, and waved."Oh, hey!"
"Hi, Mario!"
Suddenly, a brown hair boy popped up. He quickly inspected me, which freaked me out."Who are you? Why are you here..?"
"I'm... Kathy..?"
"Oh, hello Kathy. I'm Freddy. Assistant of the person who's setting this place up."
"Who's the leader?-"
"WAIT A SECOND! THAT ISN'T WHERE IT'S SUPPOSE TO GO!"
I glanced at a girl yelling at two men carrying some giant potted plants.
"But miss, Christine told us to-"
"CHRISTINE IS THE ONE WHO TAKES CARE OF THE STAGE! I TOLD YOU TWICE, AND I HATE TO RAISE MY VOICE, BUT... YOU HAVE TO FREAKING PLACE THOSE PLANTS ON THE CORNER OF THE STAGE!"
Her voice was so loud, I think my ears popped out from my head... ((Autocorrect changed 'popped' to pooped...))Wait.. Isn't that.. Olivia?!
My mouth went wide open. Freddy and the others looked at me strangely."Umm.. Kathy..?"
"Olivi... Oliva... She can yell and do stuff like that?!"
"Yeah... I heard that she stayed in the same grade twice because she flunked."
The bell for the next period began, and my eyes widened. "T-that must be my next class period! I gotta go, bye now!"
•~~~•~~~•
That was a day! I sighed in relief.Of course, I came home safely, and smiled."I'm home!"
My big sister, Nicole, popped out from the living room."Hi, how was school?"
"It was... Pretty tiring for a first day."
She walked up to me, and patted my head."Well, at least you had a good day."
"Yeah..."
"Oh, and hey, as a 21-year-old adult-ish female, I must ask you a question."
"Since you added such unusual words, I can tell this is very important."
"What happens, if someone ripped your bunny plushie in half, but by accident..?"
"Depends on how I feel."
"Karley ripped it in half by accident."
"I forgive her. At least it wasn't Ricardo or Mitchell."
"You knew people visited this household?"
"As long as I'm not seen. Great great grandfather would be very disappointed if my identity was spread in public. All they know, is that my name is just Kathy. And nothing else."
"Patt was a wise man."
"He was?"
"Yep. He used to fight like Manny Pacquiao. Not really, but just to defend himself. He had a good life."
"Ahhh... I get it. He was a boxer!"
"N-no! Not like that! I mean, he had the strength similar to the famous boxer... And he had the brains similar to the smartest person in the world!"
"Wow..."A sister bond indeed.
The shadows, it seems, have minds of their own. They creep across the cool stone floors as the dim light casting onto the stone flees in a panic, relinquishing the cell to the cruel shadows. Outside the thick oak doors are screams and moans, growing louder as any remaining light dies, leaving us to the shadows.
This place, this prison, has always been woven into my life. Never directly, of course. But everywhere I go, the Prison is there. It has always been concealed by whispers, cloaked in secrecy. Not many know about this damned place- myself being one of the unfortunate few. The chill creeps into my bones, soaking through my skin like ice.
A scream sounds outside my room and I shrink back against the stone wall opposite of the door. This is the first time they had found my cell. Every night that I have spent in this hell has been generally the same- moaning and screams of agony and fear as They find victims. Never have they been so close, never outside my door. But tonight I will fall victim to the pain and torture.
The rough surface of the wall digs into my bare back, fear creeping into my throat. I bring my knees up to my chest, staring dead ahead as I wait. High pitched laughter rings through my ears as one of Them begins to bang against the door. I can just make out the faint torch light from the bottom of the door along with many shadows. The sunlight has completely withdrawn from my cell so the only light besides the torch was from the full moon.
Maybe if I don't scream they'll leave.
The though is all in vain, everyone in this prison knows that. Once you are chosen, there is no way to escape.
Instead of dwelling on my not-so-pleasant realization, I busy my mind to happier things. All of the people I've known and cared for in my short seventeen years on the earth, some faces lingering more than others. So many regrets in so many of these faces.
I wrap my fingers around a small nail I had pulled from the wall- my only weapon. The door's heavy hinges begin to loosen, wood splintering. They are almost in.
"I don't want to die," I whisper, my voice quivering slightly. "I don't want to die."
The door finally gives in, the lock ripped apart, and all hell breaks loose.
S E P T E M B E R
"Just Be Pretty, But Naïve, Anything You Hear is What You Believe." ~ Passion For Publication - Anarbor
I brushed the ends of my hair furiously with my near-broken comb. And they said short hair was easier to brush, I thought sarcastically. I threw my brush down on the sink, not wanting to tug out my hair by the roots, and fixed my glasses.
I should get contacts, I thought fiddling with the lenses. I run my hair backwards with my fingers, revealing several red bumps along the hairline. Acne, of course, I scoffed, splashing some cold water in my face to wake me up. Suddenly my alarm clock starts going off again in my room, and I grumpily slam on the snooze button and throw myself onto my very, very comfortable bed. If only I could sleep here forever, I think as I slowly closed my eyes and relaxed.
"SEPTEMBER! UP AND READY!" my mom shouted from downstairs. I groaned loudly and quickly threw on a plain black t-shirt with the Bad Suns logo scrawled all over it, a pair of black leggings and a red flannel shirt and tied it over my waist. I slip on my denim hat and stuff my bag with whatever I need before running downstairs.
My mother was in the kitchen dressed in her usual work attire, consisting of a white blouse and black dress pants. My dad was most likely upstairs sleeping because he's got another day off. My mother scans my outfit up and down, before shaking her head.
"September, what happened to all those nicer clothes I got you over the summer?" she asks.
I look back at my shirt. "What's wrong with what I'm wearing?"
She shakes her head and mumbles a 'nothing' before turning back to the stove. I grab a piece of toast, and just when I'm about to sit down with a nice glass of water-
"10 minutes!" my mother says placing my lunch and water bottle on the counter.
I run back and forth between the kitchen and the front door. I stuffed my stuff inside my bag and threw it towards the door.
"6 minutes!"
I quickly grab a pair of socks and slip them on.
"3 minutes!"
Shit, I thought. I left my phone upstairs. I quickly look at the clock and run upstairs, grabbing my phone and pair of headphones, and zooming back downstairs.
Record time.
I slip on a random pair of shoes, not bothering to tie the laces, and step out, yelling a quick goodbye. I fast-walked over to the bus stop and took a seat on the bench. I turn on my phone to check the time. 3 minutes until arrival. I plug in the headphones and slip them on, playing my favorite Anarbor album on shuffle.
I close my eyes for a few seconds and everything seemed so nice and calm and perfect. Every other sound seemed to be blocked out by the sound of an electric guitar. Until the roar of an engine completely took over. I scowl at the loud sound of opening doors and men and women in suits and skirts running in and out of the bus. My hand latches onto a pole and I pull myself in before the doors close. Most of the seats were completely empty but I decide to lean against the side of a door, balancing myself by holding onto a pole above me.
Little by little, people starting piling in, most of which were giving me strange looks. At first it was easy to ignore, but out of curiosity, I looked back down at my outfit. My shirt was on the right way, my leggings didn't have a hole in them. My shoes on the other hand, weren't helping me. One was a dark blue, and one was a bright purple.
I scowled at my 'choice of shoes.' No wonder people were looking at me like I was crazy. I cranked the volume of my music until I couldn't even hear my own thoughts.
The bus passed around four more stops before it stopped around the general region in which I was headed. I jumped off, turning the volume down a bit, and began my walk to Hell. Also known as high school. Suddenly, I feel a pair of hands push me forward slightly and I stumble.
"Did I scare you?" a familiar voice asked me.
I laugh at my friend's silliness. Kailey swung her arm around my shoulder and began putting on all of her weight on my side. She knows I hate having to basically drag her to school.
"Hey!" she says poking my side. "Did you finish the essay?" she asks lazily. Kailey was basically the only person I knew who had the nerve to leave her homework to the very last minute, and then ask you for the answers.
"No you can't copy me," I say evilly. She groans internally and I know she was most likely getting another detention for incomplete work.
"Just kidding Tem," she said. "I actually finished it this time.
I laugh and mumble a finally.
We turn at the third block and turned onto school property. Most people had already arrived in their fancy cars and had already started crowding up the halls. A few girls in my homeroom were standing at the front entrance, either gossiping or making new plans for the weekend.
I make my way to my locker, stuffing my bag inside and taking out a sketchbook and an ink pen for class doodling, and finally a pair of bluetooth earbuds that nobody could tell apart from my hair.
The chatters and laughter suddenly got louder and I turned the volume up higher.
Kailey stood beside me, talking about some new album that was said to come out this year. She was the only person I knew that got the word before I ever have. Any news about a concert or band, she would always get to it first and completely swallow it up. She was in her usual choice of clothing which was a way oversized red hoodie and a pair of bleached jeans, with her hair up in a messy bun. I felt a tap on my shoulder, and turned around to see Emily, one of our best friends and a complete smartass.
She waves her hands in front of my face, and I realize that I drifted off once again. She rolls her eyes and grins.
"You've got to stop doing that Tem," she says pulling out a few books from the locker next to mine. Oh the joy of having to encounter a know-it-all every day of your life.
"One day you're going to walk off a cliff without realizing it." Kailey and I laugh at her remark, and she can't help but pull a smile.
Out of nowhere, people start running towards the end of the hallway, whipping out their phones for pictures and videos.
"Probably another stupid fight," Emily scoffed.
At the moment, Kailey pulled out a small cd case and my eyes widened. "As I was saying, remebe-"
The sound of bodies slamming against lockers and the floor, fists flying in every direction, and clicks from cameras and cellphones could be heard from miles away. It went quiet for a split second.
"Now, see th-" Kailey was interrupted once again by the sound of yelling, and she rolled her eyes, annoyed.
She grabbed my arm and led me to the end of the hallway and the giant crowd finally came into view. She pushed most of the people out of the way rudely and squeezed into the front to see what all the fuss was about and dragged me with her.
One guy was on the floor holding his cheek, a vein clearly popping out of his forehead and his face as red as a tomato. Quarterback Garrett Elwen seemed fuming mad, there was no possible way the opponent would be able to survive anymore yelling. The other guy was standing up perfectly straight, his eyes covered mostly by his mess of hair, staring down at the fuming Garrett in front of him.
Garrett took another swing, but missed drastically and fell back to the floor.
"YOU'RE DEAD VALADIN! YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!"
At this point, students were already making up their own sides of the story and spreading it on to other people. The teachers had intervened in the situation and started yelling at the students back and forth. One grabbed Garrett by the shoulders and led him to the nurse's office, and the other teachers led the other guy to the office. He was in for a long lecture. I leaned against my locker, acting perfectly natural, wanting to get a good look at the situation, more importantly, at the other guy.
He didn't even seem fazed by the fact that he was likely getting a suspension, or expulsion. He glanced back and forth between lockers, and his eyes landed on me for a very split second, before turning away again.
The bell rang, signaling the start of first period, and I walked over to my first class.
The only thing I thought about was how the color of his eyes, reminded me of caramel.

During lunch, I definitely wasn't my usual self, pointed out to me by both Kailey and Emily.
"You're spacing out again," she said waving her hands in front of my face, and sighed. "Did you hear about 'trouble in paradise?"
I knew exactly who she was talking about. I gestured for her to go on.
"Please, I wouldn't be a bit surprised if those two just broke it off, spread some rumors about an STD, hook up with each other's best friends, and still be able to get back together," Emily said as if it was the most pathetic thing in the world.
"Turns out the new 'it' couple's on and off again relationship is taking a toll of poor Valerie's heart."
Valerie was a close friend who, after she got into a relationship with the quarterback Garrett, slowly got into the whole cycle of date, ditch, party and repeat. We haven't talked much throughout the last few months, and during the summer we practically ignored each other.
"Not much of a surprise," I said, staring off into the blank space on the wall once again.
"'Course not," Kailey scoffed. "She told her 'friends' this morning, and I quote, 'I'm getting sick of this love me, and then ditch me attitude.' End quote."
I nodded along to what she was saying.
"Apparently that's what this morning's fight was all about. Garrett caught 'Valadin' and Valerie together, apparently, and I quote again, 'holding hands and even sharing a kiss.' End quote."
Emily waved her hand dramatically, as if the cafeteria was on fire. "Ouf. Trouble in paradise is right."
I don't know exactly how Kailey ever gets around to knowing these things, but I guess with the title of a Student Secretary in the office, social media research and a habit of stalking and snooping could get you far.
"Who's 'Valadin?'" I suddenly blurt out.
She placed her hand on my shoulder. "Dear friend, I thought you'd never ask." She threw a folder on the table and leaned back in her chair, looking extremely proud of herself.
"Snatched a few files from the office before lunch," she said. "Full name, Xander Valadin. Poor attendance, dropping grades, unsociable and a few other not-so-nice comments made by a few of his teachers."
I stare in wonder at the file in front of me.
"If anyone says anything, you didn't hear nothing, got it?" she said sipping on her juice box.
"Holy shit," Emily exclaimed, sweeping through the papers with no trouble. She nodded approvingly. "Hey, do you think you can get Anderson's student record for me?"
Kailey raised an eyebrow at Emily's request. Miles Anderson was a close friend who would occasionally talk with us, but for some reason Emily hates his guts.
"No offense, but you stalking him or something?" Kailey asked, stifling a laugh alongside me.
"'Course not," she said waving it off. "I just heard he may have some information worth blackmailing." She said it as if it didn't even faze her.
I just place my head in my hands. I shuffle through the file, and close it shut, not wanting to read even a word of it.
"Please, just take this folder back to where ever you found it," I plead.
She shrugs her shoulder and mumbles a "your loss."
"This was jam-packed with info," she said holding it closely. Soon after, the bell rings and we go our separate ways.
Xander Valadin, I repeat in my head, and just sigh, a mixture of both tired and curious. I think about my next class, and my thoughts all dart towards stress and worry.

Gym, it had to be gym, I think, chasing after the soccer ball as if someone was actually going to pass it to me. Over in front, Valerie was passing the ball back and forth like a professional, catching the attention of multiple guys on the other side of the field.
This was one thing she would always be amazing at, sports. We scored once again, thanks to her, and I made my way over to the bench. I turn the volume on my headphones up a bit more, and stuff the phone deeper into my pocket so that no one would notice. I go back to jogging around the field, making sure to blend into the crowd, even waving my hands around to make it more convincing.
I almost drop to my knees as our coach blows her whistle, signaling us to move onto the next station.
Frisbee here I come.
By now, I can barely stand up straight and so I don't understand how other girls aren't even breaking a sweat after that game of death. Suddenly, the coach taps my shoulder and hands me a folder, and tells me to bring it to the office.
I'm pretty sure she realizes I'm dying from all the running and is giving me a break.
I enter the building once again, in clothes sticking to my body from the sweat, and make my way to the office. Some were having a free period and standing around in the hall, going through their phones and books. I walk by the supposedly the off-limits door that led to the rooftop. Some would sneak up there to do who knows what, so the sign on the door was obviously not helping.
The door suddenly opens, and two guys step out. My eyes lock on a specific pair, and I stare without losing eye contact. Valadin. He seemed surprised, but quickly covered it up and passed right by me, walking along with his friend. I recognized him from somewhere, blonde hair and dark eyes. I watched them pass through the hallway, both of them were talking intensely, arguing.
The lyrics of a heavy metal song went through my ear drums, and I turned it up even louder so that I wouldn't have to hear their conversation.

"They broke up, like, weeks ago, I heard," said a girl from my art class.
"And that Valerie went out with Derek right afterwards!" said the girl's friend. I quirked an eyebrow at their conversation and turned down the volume of my headphones to get a good listen of the spreading rumors, and acted like I wasn't listening.
"She got over Garrett fast, didn't she," said the girl.
"I don't even know why they broke up! They looked so great together!"
Look, I thought. Doesn't mean they are. Surprisingly, the same girls were close friends of Valerie's. At least, you'd think they were judging by the fact that they sit together, talk together, and do basically everything together. But when your 'friend' gets popular and rumors start spreading, you can't help but gossip about them.
I scribbled all over the blank page as they switched subjects. The ink sank nicely onto the page, creating that inky blackness that I liked. They continue talking about something on their phones. I roll my eyes and turn away from their conversation. People would believe anything they heard. I turned the volume back up until I couldn't hear anything else other than the music.
I hate when he does this.
Devin pops his head from the bushes,smiling,and I stick my tongue at him. He moves toward me. I glance up at the house he sprayed painted,my mouth dropping. "You did not just spray paint Principal Dose's house?" I asked. Devin shrugs and smile. He is so sexy-pure African,a perfect white smile, and a nice,bald head. He is very tall,as well. Devin places the cans of paint into a black bag. I sit down,my short dress going up."You were lace?"asked Devin,glancing at me. I try to close my legs. Devin sits next to me,his left arm around me,and his right on his penis. "Do you sometimes think we might do that?" he asked. I look at him and look away. The moon was shining bright,and our school prom just ended an hour ago. My mother has been texting me for the past thirty minutes,worried."I don't know.",I answered. "Can you just take my home? My mother is worried,and I'm already in trouble. My curfew was an hour ago." Devin sighs and nods. We walk toward his black Charger and enter it. Devin starts the engine and looks at me. "Can I take you somewhere first,Ta Ta?"he asked. He uses the nickname my younger sister,Nicole, gave to me. "Sure.",I answered. "But,make it quick. I don't want to be in trouble forever." Devin smiles and pulls away from the houses."Where are you taking me,anyway?" I asked. Devin makes a right and glances at me. "To a place you used to be at when we were younger.",he answered. I smile and relaxed. "You mean the small park Corps Hill shut down?""Yes.",Devin answered. He parks his car at an old parking lot,and gets out. Devin opens my door and helps me out. I look onto a grassland and see a few lights. "Late night dinner?" I asked. Devin nods. We walk together toward the lights, and I freeze.
This was not a late night dinner.
There was a blanket on the ground,with two pillows upon it. Another blanket laid near the right of a basket full of wine,strawberries,and two glasses. Devin looks at me and pulls me toward him. He bends his head and kisses me. I blush,and my hands trace Devin's back. This doesn't feel right. Devin is two years older than me. "Relax.",Devin says,unzipping my dress. His hands traces my butt,and Devin giggles. "Got a lot, do you?"he asked. I don't make eye contact,only try to move. Devin pushes my dress to the ground and traces my butt. I bite on my lip and close my eyes. Devin pulls of my panties and bra. We lay down,Devin on top of me. He pulls his shirt off and undos his belt. "Devin,please.",I say. Devin shakes his head and shoves off his pants and boxers. His penis sticks up,and Devin leans in to kiss me. I try to reject,but the windy taste of his breath enters my mouth. Devin's penis thrust me,and I begin moaning. My body becomes warm,and I close my eyes. Devin moves faster and groans. I try moving,but Devin is stronger than before. He kisses me,again,and thrust again.
Devin climaxes.
"No!" I sob. Tears slip down my eyes and onto my slightly,large breast. Devin's eyes grow wider. He stares at the bushes and sits up. "Who's there?"he asked. I stay still and look at Devin. The bushes move,and Devin reaches for the basket. He pulls out a gun and points it at the bush. "Who the fuck is in the bush?"Devin yells."Take a guess.",says a deep voice. Devin turns around and falls,a gun going off. I scream and crawl onto my knees. I rushed toward a bathroom and open the door. Footprints follow me.I look for a window and open it. The bathroom door opens, a tall figure appearing. "Where the hell are you,Taylor? You owe me a lot!"yelled the voice. I jump out the window and dash toward Devin's car. The footprints follow me,faster,and I fall. A pair of hands grab me,and someone laughs. I try to scream,but a mouthful of dirt lands in my mouth. "You can always find you. Running or not.",the voice said. "Either you pay or you can die. What is your choice?" I move and the dirt exits my mouth. "Who are you?" I screamed. The hands throw me down and slaps me. "What do you mean by the damn question?"yelled the voice." I'll kill your stupid ass! Your mother didn't tell you that I am your-""How do you know me?" I asked. The shadow moves and smiles. It pulls out a gun and points it at me. "Taylor,who am I?"it asked. I begin to shake, a quick,cold sweat appearing. "Who am I?"yelled the voice. "Answer, before I blow your head off!" I start to cry and cover my mouth. "You're my..you're my..",I cry. The shadow groans and pulls the tigger. I fall down,my head thob. The world becomes dark. "Well, I hope someone cared for you,because your father did. I did.",the voice says.
The world disappears.
Vincent P.O.VI got this job. I have the night shift at this stupid place called Freddy Fazbears pizza. And I have to share the shift with 4 other people.Fritz.Mike.Jeremy.And.... Wait, I actually don't know the name of the other one but what I do know is something stood out about him. Yeah...okay don't judge me.Everyone just called him Phone Guy.Anyway,So I walked into my new retarded job."Hey, I'm new to the night shift." I said as I came in the door.There was a fifth guy there, it must have been the boss."Welcome!" Mike said sarcastically."Try not to die." He muttered under his breath.The manager gave Mike a look that said if you say that again your dead."Oh!" He corrected himself."I mean it's really fun working with us." I shrugged and looked around."Who are you?" I asked as my eyes locked on this one guy."My name....well, my name is Phone Guy....at least that's what they call me." He responded."What's yours?" "Mines Vincent." I responded shyly.
"Why do they call you the Phone Guy?" I asked him trying not to be mean.
"I give the messages... So I tell new workers what to do and how to operate everything." Phone Guy told me.
"Cute..." I say."What?" He asks in astonishment."I-I mean cool...yeah...cool." I said quickly.
We both just stood there blushing like CRAZY. I put a hand over my face so he wouldn't notice."I-I think your really c-" phone guy was about to say something before Mike cut in.
"Alright! Ew...enough flirting and more working." Mike said."Your 2 are working in the office together tonight."
Phone Guy looked at me and I looked at him. He gave me a half smile.
"Well don't just stand there...GET IN THE OFFICE!" Mike yelled and started pushing us.This is going to be a fun night. I thought to myself.
Hey guys,I'm back and I got so many to tell you.First,ever since I graduated I never saw my brother,Anthony Padilla,and my best friends, Ian Hecox, who is also my ex boyfriend,Kate,and of course Mari. Second I got married. No,not Julian,I'm married to Matthew Sohinki. Third my husband is a You Tuber with Lasercorn,Joven,and me but I only edit the video's. That's my life    -bye☺☺☺
"Kenna! Let's hurry to the after party!" Sophia yelled. We walked out of the awards and were greeted my paparazzi. I walked to the car waiting for us. Sophia told the driver where to and we were at the party in 20 minutes. We walked in the club and I saw Jimmy freakin Fallon. I hadn't seen him since last year. I ran over to him hugging him.
"Hey it's been forever!" I said.
"Kenna! Look this is David Beckham and his wife Victoria." He said waving his hands around the place.
"Wow so nice to meet you. I'm Kenna Brasfield." I stated shaking their hands.
"I saw you on that hilarious show. Um wasn't it Teachers. Yes, Teachers. I loved you and Christina Silvet as the 1st grade teachers." David said smiling big. I smiled back and thanked him. I found Sophia talking to someone and ordered drinks for us.
After more than 6 drinks I started to blank out until at the end of the night.
"Hello I'm Kenna, would you like a drink?" I slurred. I adjusted my black dress a little and looked back up at the man.
"Why not? I'm Harry." He said. I couldn't tell if he was British or not. Maybe it was because he was drunk or that I was drunk. Same difference.
I ordered a drink for him and we started to dance. An hour later we were getting in a taxicab. We arrived at his place and we started kissing. Then it lead to 2nd base then many other bases and we were in bed.
School is finally over!  I am the most happy out of anyone! I haven't had a friend since middle school and I have never had a boyfriend. It's not that I am weird, it's just that I have a lot going on in life and don't have much time for anyone else.  I do feel bad for the people I used to be friends with.  They moved to Canada in middle school and they never called me again.  All the boys in my grade are very geeky and annoying! Not to mention most of them like all the preps and girly girls.  I am more of the tomboy jock.  Life is hard, yes, but it's still great.  I have always had a crush on Mike Lonker. He is a very tall person, black hair, sand color skin, and big blue eyes.  I mean, what are the odds of him liking a girl like me?  I am the most absolute dork and weirdo in the world!
"We are here today to celebrate the students of this West Texas Middle School!" The principal cried with delight.  I was bored out of my mind.  I had to stand there like an idiot while everyone was watching me.  I was wearing a short blue dress, red lipstick brighter than then the sun, my mom's three inch heels, and she made me get my nails painted bright PINK! Pink, out of all colors, she had to paint them pink.  I stood there as they were calling out people to congratulate for their "effort" this year.  Most of the people cheated, lied, or didn't even care. I was surprised to see Mal get called up.  Mal and I were friends, but then she started hanging out with the popular people and I left. She got mad at me and I tried to say sorry, but she wouldn't listen.  She would say "I hate you." or "We aren't friends anymore!". I always would put it off as her being a jerk, but then she meant it. I have wanted to tell her never to talk to me ever again, or else I would kill myself because of her. I wasn't listening, but then I heard my name.  The principal said these exact words:
"Now, this next student is very special. She got the highest G.P.A out of everyone in the whole school.  She has worked so hard and I am so proud of her! Please give a big round of applause to Dylan Blakesly!" She looked at me and smiled. I could see Mal look at me as if she were sorry to be a jerk to me. I just gave her the dirtiest look I have ever given anyone in my entire life.  She looked as if she were about to cry about. I didn't care. I walked up with the biggest smile I have ever given this year.  They played my favorite song, Don't Wait, and I swaggered up to the microphone.  She handed me the microphone and I smiled. I acted looked and felt like a prick. The thing that made it even worst was that Mike was watching me! I felt all eyes on me.
"Hi." I smiled. I could feel the awkwardness in the room.
"I know, I don't look like the type of person that would get good grades. I do though." I smiled and the crowd laughed. I looked at Mike and he was laughing.
"So, I would like to thank my parents for supporting me throughout the year.  I have tried my hardest to get up here this whole year.  Like to get one of the top grades, not the top grade." The crowd laughed again. Mal looked at me as if I were a crazy person. I was trying to go for sweet, so I smiled at her. She just looked over at Mike and gave him a dirty look.  He stopped laughing and gave her a sad face.
"Let's get real. The teachers have pushed me hard this year, but I know it was for a good cause. Not like donating to help cancer good, but good enough to let me pass with flying colors." This got the crowd the best. The principal was even laughing! I knew I had a good sense of humor, but not this good!  She walked over and took the microphone away from me.  She pointed over to the other students. I walked up to where she told me to stand and smiled.
"Let's give Dylan a big round of applause!" She clapped. The rest of the crowd stood up and started going crazy! I started laughing, waving, and blushing.  Mike looked at me and chuckled.  I looked at him and he stopped and smiled.  Once the applause was over, the school year was over! Next year would be my last year!  My mom and dad ran up to me and hugged me.
"We are so proud! Let's go." They started walking off. I told them that I would be there in a second. Mal walked up to me with a dirty look.
"Look. I'm sorry for anything that I ever did to make you mad.  You can be mad at me all you want, I don't care. I'm done, just done with you acting like this!" She gave me the most shocked look she has ever given me. I walked away towards Mike.
"Hi." He smiled and hugged me.
"What are you doing?" He let go. He looked at Mal, who looked like she was planning my death, and flipped her off.  She was shocked.
"I thought you were dating her?" I gave him a confused look.
"Were is the key word in that sentence." He kissed me on the lips! My crush kissed me! Was about to pass out. I was so surprised. I just kissed back.
"I have to go, here's my number." I handed him my number and ran away. Mal took off running after me.
"What the hell do you think you are doing!" She screamed at me. I just looked at her like she was crazy, which she is.
"I thought Mike and I were dating!" She started crying and hugging me. I pulled away.
"1. Were is the key word in that sentence and 2. I have cried so many times from you acting like an ass to me, so this is way to late. Goodbye!" I walked away. I looked at Mike. He gave me a thumbs up and walked away.
My first outfit My shirt is from: Forever 21 I love that shirt so much YASS

"Jacob" , I scream laughing .              He continues to tickle me Jacob , my bestfriend is going On tour ."Im gonna miss you Breanna"  He says . "its just 6 months ", I say not believing it myself.     "yeah", he sighs .
Me and jacob have been through  it all.  His bus pulls up and my heartbreaks .
He looks at me and gives a half smile. "I love you ,"  he says.
My eyes begin to water so I just nod.   I gave him one last hug.
My little misfit
The 600th floor of the Empire State Building shook alarmingly as the last of the Olympians filed in through the great doorway etched with moving people, who were now screaming in terror. Erebus was coming.
What did the shadow god want with Olympus? Everything. If the last of the gods that were still fighting didn't go into hiding, there wouldn't be an Olympus anymore.
"I still don't see why we can't at least fight him. It's better to die honorably than to be found cowering," Athena argued for the umpteenth time. That woman was stubborn.
"I agree," Ares replied on the war goddess's side. "They are attacking our home; I need to taste blood."
"Honey, listen, we have it all planned out. We'll plot revenge when we have a decent place to think," Aphrodite cooed. Hephaestus let out an agonizing groan.
"Dudes, shut up," Apollo said over the shouting. Everyone went silent except for a very prominent kissing noise. "Ok, we all need to- hey, lovebirds! Could you please make out after we totally kick butt? Thanks. We all need to stay calm.  Dad'll come in a minute and tell us the plan."
Hades's face was etched with shadows in his obsidian throne. He wasn't really sure if he should follow his younger brother into battle; Zeus always just messed things up. Hades wasn't an Olympian, but they needed all the help they could get.
"Who will work the Underworld?" The lord of the dead asked impatiently. The last thing he needed was to have to wrangle a bunch of zombies out of the streets of Manhattan.
"Brother, stop worrying," Poseidon reassured him, his sea green eyes sparkling like always. Easy for him to say, thought Hades, all he does is watch a bunch of fish swim in their own poop.
Zeus walked in with his lightning bolt at his side. "Brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters, the day has come."
"What do you mean?" Hermes inquired. His usual mischievous smile was wiped away as if someone had slapped him. "We're fighting, right?"
Zeus sighed, and looked down at his mighty weapon. The grand building shook again, and a rain of dust clouded their vision for a few seconds. "Look at this," he said in a sorrowful voice. He hefted his bolt as if to strike something, but all that came out were a few sparks.
"They don't work anymore?" said a disappointed Poseidon. He loved his trident. Now it was just a big pointy fork thing.
Chaos broke out across the throne room. This room was where they had dominated enemies, bickered about random stuff that no one really cared about, and even saw their children become as victorious as them. Now all of those memories were being rubbed away violently by fear as if they were never there.
"SILENCE!" Zeus stomped his foot on the ground, having to improvise for the impressive sound of his master bolt. He looked more tired than when they were battling Typhon together. Gray streaks were slowly etching themselves in his black hair; he was fading. They all were.
"Brother," Hades was trying not to choke up. "My wife. What's going to happen to Persephone? I was hoping she would be here, and I haven't seen her since the skeleton soldiers turned on us..."
Demeter's wheat-blonde head shot up at this remark. She was so surprised he actually cared about her; all that time she had thought it was her daughter's pretty face and dainty fingers that attracted him. The dying grain goddess leaned over and put a caring hand on her brother's. Her sky-blue eyes met his dark and tortured ones with as much support she could muster in her pain.
Zeus sighed again, but this time his body shuddered. "We will all probably die before we would even get a chance to fight. I will tell you the plan only if you promise to keep quiet," his electric eyes bore into each and every one of theirs. "We obviously cannot keep this form. Now, tell me, what is the safest place for godly beings?"
"Camp Half Blood..." Athena whispered to herself. There were a few gasps as realization came to them.
"We need to transform ourselves," Zeus stated, "into merely demigods. Erebos's army won't suspect us, and it's a good way to make sure our children are all safe."
"You say 'merely demigods' as if they didn't save us every time we were in trouble," Hera remarked. The queen of the gods had finally taken a liking to the spawn of her siblings. Except for those Apollo children. They're just weird.
"Anyway," Zeus interrupted. The ceiling shuddered again. They were running out of time.  "I have a camp necklace for each of you; You can identify each other with the Drachama and your godly symbol. Good luck to you all."
"But what do we do?" asked Athena. "We can't just have thirteen people waltz in saying their new campers."
Zeus paused. "We'll figure something out."
And, before anyone could argue, the ceiling caved in on their heads.

Welcome to a new experiment. I saw a lot of stories like this so I decided to try to write three (of no relation to each other.) But idk how long it'll take. So, here goes part 1!
Dedicated to: @eva_maree because she is my inspiration for writing this story. I hole my story isn't as cliché as some of the others out there like this,  but a lot of it probably will be. You've been warned. And you guys should definitely go check out Message Recieved by @eva_maree.  It is nowhere near being cliché and she is a good writer!
The new Taryn--->
***
unknown: hi
me: who is this, and how did you get my number?
unknown: you don't need to know that yet. you look nice in black btw.
me: who is this? if you're some kind of perv i s2g
unknown: i'm not a perv. how is that the first conclusion you jump too?
me: unknown number, knows what I wore today. you're either a perv, a rapist, or a stalker.
unknown: i could be all three
me: ew, i hope not.
unknown: if you saw me you'd beg for it
me: fuck you
unknown: come over then
me: bye
unknown: really?
unknown: Taryn, seriously?
"Who are you texting?" "No one." "Taryn, you're such a bad liar. Fork it over." Savanah makes a grab for the phone and I pull it back. "Seriously Vanah, I'd tell you if I knew." Her eyebrows shoot up under her fringe. "You mean you don't know?" "Nope." "Well is it a guy?" "I don't know. Lemme ask."
asshole: *whiny voice* tarbear
me: nicknameing me already? quick question, are you a boy or a girl?
asshole: boy
"It's a dude." "Ask him to send a pic!" "Doubt it. He won't tell me who he is."
me: if you don't tell me who you are imma call you dickey. nickname you lil dick
asshole: do it then. it's gross and immature but okay. and trust me, it's not little. ;)
me: pft, yeah right
"You seem to like talking to Mr. Anonymous." "Eh, he's alright."
lil dick: why were you talking to derrick today?
me: cause he's a hot football player
lil dick: never thought that'd be your type
me: you don't even know me
lil dick: i know enough
me: prove it then. what's my full name?
lil dick: your name is Taryn Amelia Sanders. you like old cartoons like the Flintstones and the original Scooby-Doo. your favorite colors are purple and black and you have a pet cat named tuffy and a Siberian husky puppy named wolfie.
me: O.ome: i asked my name, not my full life story
stalker: eh. then i wouldn't have gotten to creep you out so much.
me: do you have green eyes? you seem like you do
stalker: 1 what are you trying to say about people with green eyes? 2 i have blue eyes
me: blue? guys with blue eyes are...
stalker: guys with blue eyes are what?
me: sexy, adorable, cute use your perverted little imagination
stalker: who said it's perverted?
me: your name is prolly perverted too
stalker: it will be when you scream it
me: bye
stalker: by princess
may 23, 2015
It was late at night and Wally was bored.So he decided to prank Arty."How am I going to prank her?Ohh!I have an idea!"he whispered to himself.
Arty was asleep on their bed so he was going to give her a wake up call by popping a balloon.
"Where are the ballon at?"Wally questioned.It had been Wally's birthday a few days ago."Here they are!!I better record to show Dick!"He exclaimed in joy.
So he sneaked in the room and set the camcorder on the nightstand.He tip-toed to the bed where Arty was peacefully asleep.
Wally grabbed the balloon and the nail ready to scare Artemis.And POP!Went the balloon.She jumped out of the bed and which Wally was cracking up on the floor.
"Why did you do that?OMG is though someone shot me!!"Artemis said and then face planted on the bed."Lol!!That was so funny!!"Wally exclaimed while holding his stomach for laughing so much.
"Great now my side hurts."Wally complained."Well it should Kid-Idiot."Artemis told him as she left the room.
"Love you babe!"Wally told Arty." I hate you."Artemis replied to Wally.
-------------------------------End of chapter
Sorry it's short.Shout out to JinxedPanda4Life ,PENNICHI ,Carolyn3Blue ,ArtemisandKidFlash,xits_sadie_herex ,the-geeky-cauldron, PrimenaDR. They Are great and awesome people follow them.Hope you enjoyed it!!Comment and I'll see you later!!Bye~
~YoungJustice2015
Form:
Author:
Story title:
Characters/ celebs:
Text for each slide:
AND THATS THE FORM.
The only thing I need is credit.
:)
Alright, I can't wait for these trailers!
I do accept fanfiction.
Just to let y'all know that this is based on my life and it will also be a random book of things not all of this is based on my life the book will also include: my drawings , fan art , life , funny things , randomness, school experiences , friends , hints of new stories , explanations of my stories , favorite shows and other things.
*Third person view (for now)*" Is this a good idea?" Tj asked his brother Henry. " Of course! Plus Luna and Chrissy will be there," Henry replied smiling. He knew that would not sway his brother but it would sway him. Tj has always liked Luna, since grade school. Thought Henry knew nothing of this. While they drove on towards the mountain cabin where they would be staying faint music played in the background. The rest of the trip was silent. By night fall the boys arrived at their uncles cabin, to find the girls already there. They walked through the door to find the cabin as it always has been. Everything was made of wood and wool or cotton. A simple cabin home in the seclusive woods. Just as the boys set down their things in the living room the girls bounded down the stairs. " Hi Henry! Hi Tj!" Chrissy called. Luna repeated as they hugged each other in greeting. They slowly migrated outside and sat down on the deck that swept three quarters around the house. " So I planned hang gliding tomorrow," Luna exclaimed. Everyone nodded their approval except Tj. " What's wrong Tj?" Chrissy asked as Henry snorted. " Little bro's just scared. I'm gonna get snacks," he said and got up. Chrissy imeadiently followed him. Luna and Tj sat in silence watching the sky. Suddenly a dark shape crossed over the stars. " Do you see that?" Luna's asked. Tj nodded but hoped it wasn't true. The shape looked like a bird, but very large and had a canine like body. It swept closer to them and them turned to the side, flying away." That was weird," Tj commented. Luna nodded and looked around. She suddenly gasped, " Look out!" Luna jumped at Tj and they dove to the ground, just as a giant wing hit their backs. Tj looked up and heard the crash of the barbecue from around the house. " Damn it!" Luna shouted as she jumped up. Tj jumped up too and they slowly made their way around the bend. Tangled in the awning was the strangest creature any of them have seen.It was a giant wolf and it had wings. The wolf was grey and white. It's eyes were a bright purple. " Hanadachimu!" It growled as it erupted into a flurry of feathers and fur. Tj gasped. He looked at Luna in wonder." It spoke," he whispered. It wasn't a language he recognized. Suddenly the wolf burst from the awning and flew off. " What are you guys doing?" Henry asked from behind them. Tj whipped around and burst into a story. " There was this wolf! And it had purple eyes! And wings! And-" " Whoa little bro! What exact drugs have you been taking?" Tj fumed and turned to Luna. She shook her head silently and went inside. Taking one last look at the night sky Tj could almost hear the frustrated growls of the creature as it stumbled through the sky.
Just writing one direction preferences. Some of these will be my own others will come from random websites
Ok so guys I want to put up a note before I start this book.
I was not the only one who came up with the idea for this fanfic my friend Chloe did help.
Her profile is @chloe09227 and she has an amazing Hayes fanfic up so go check that out when your done reading this.
And also there will be cuss words in this Fanfiction so if you don't like stuff like that then you shouldn't read this.
I will not write out when or if anyone has sex in this Fanfiction. I will put something like: You know what happens next ;)
I am not comfortable writing that kind of stuff.
There might be things where it might get a little sexual but i will not write out anything like that.
This is just a note I will post the first chapter shortly after this.
I WILL SEE YOU LATER MY LLAMAS!
-B👑
~flashback~--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It was the forth of July, little Annabelle was patiently waiting for the fireworks to begin. But suddenly something caught her attention, a firefly that lit the night sky that surrounded it. Being the five year old that she is, she was determined to chase it. She followed the firefly until something bumped into her. *BOOM* While rubbing her head, Annabelle carefully stood up to see what bumped into her. She was expecting to see a parent or someone who was much older than her. But all she saw was a boy who has beautiful blond curls and deep blue eyes. Even in the darkness, his eyes seemed to shine as bright as the stars. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to run into you. I was just trying to chase the firefly." He said softly. "That's okay, I was trying to chase the firefly too! I guess I wasn't paying attention to my surroundings. My name is Annabelle, I'm five! What's your name?""My name is Peter, I'm also five!" He said while holding up five fingers. "Peter, do you want to be best friends?" She shyly asked. "YES!" He shouted. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------From that day the two had been inseparable, they even ended up going to the same school and had the same classes as well. That is until ninth grade came around.When ninth grade came around, Peter gradually stopped hanging our with Annabelle. Peter later ditched her for the popular kids in school. Annabelle was clueless to why Peter stopped hanging out with her, but Peter knew why. Peter was threatened to stay away from her, if he didn't stay away someone would kill her. It killed Peter everyday to see Annabelle alone and crying. But in order to keep the one that he loved the most safe, he had to stay away from her. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I hope you guys liked the first chapter! This story is going to have slow updates because I'm still in school and I have a lot of homework.😔😔😫😫😢😢 But I will try my best to update as soon as possible.
Don't read if you can't handle strong language.
"Don't forget 3 PM Scarlett!" Hayes slammed me onto the lockers and I fell to the ground and he walked off with a smirk on his face.•••I'm Scarlett Bentley. I get bullied by a guy called Benjamin Hayes Grier,but he goes by the name Hayes. (Hayes' real name is Benjamin. Hayes is his middle name) I've known Hayes since Pre-School. We used to be bestfriends. in the first grade I moved to another school and didn't hear anything from him. Then I came back in the third grade,Hayes continued being my friend. Then in the sixth grade,Hayes punched me,and from then on became my bully. And because of his popularity and liking from girls,i only have two friends,Matt and Victoria. I idolize Matt though. He's such a nice person. Now I'm in the 8th grade and nothing has changed since that punch. Today at 3PM Hayes told me to come to the football field. I'm afraid.
"Heyyy" Victoria said giving me a huge hug.
"Hey V" I smiled but it soon faded.
"Hayes?" She put her arm around me.
I just nodded whimpering. she sighed looking around. I don't know what she was looking for though. But,soon something caught my eyes. Matt.
"Matt!" I ran to him hoping he wouldn't notice I was crying.
"Hey Scar!" He opened his hands grab me as I jumped.
He let me down smiling he looked at me and placed his hand on the back of his head.
"We're you crying?..."
I just sighed. "Yeah".
"Well,....Why?"
"H..nothing" I almost said what would've killed considering Matt and Hayes are close friends.
"You can tell me anything Scar. I'm here for you." I can hardly believe I'm friends with an 11th grader no way I'm spilling.
"I fell and it hurt...a lot"
"You were pushed weren't you?"
"Yeah. But,i can't tell you who."
"Scar"
*RING*
"I got to get to algebra see you later Matt" I hugged him tightly and was off to class.
I have algebra with Hayes. that sucks.
I walk into class and I sit in my seat in front of Hayes. He hasn't done anything in this class ever but I doubt that will last.
I felt a paper plane hit the back of my head. it fell to the floor and when I took a glimpse I could see writing. When the teacher turned around I picked it up and read it under my desk.
"Scarlett I'm not up for 3 today. my mom called in busy afterschool but maybe next week? >:))"
I turned around looked at him. his blue eyes piercing through me. I sighed and nodded. He looked uncomfortable.
After class. I ran for my life grabbing my books and running home. I don't want anymore trouble. I finally got there to see my mom dressed up.
"Mom?"
"Oh your home! Honey get dressed in comfortable but cute clothes me you and your father are going to a friends. they have a boy your age." I smiled and went up.
I put on a pink crop top and high waisted Jean shorts and a pair of red converse. my Mom and dad weren't wearing party outfits just something they would wear out.
I went to the car and played some songs. And when we finally got there a blonde haired lady opened the door.
"Oh hi dear!"
"Hey Nila!" My mom hugged her.
"Hello mrs Grier" my dad added.
"What!" I put my hands over my mouth
"Something wrong"
"No." I hope there and more than one Grier family in North Carolina...
I walked in to see Hayes and Nash playing with their little sister.
"Awh" I smiled. Hayes noticed.
"Wanna play with us?" Nash asked.
"Uhm,if that's okay with you ALL" I made it clear about Hayes.
"Sure why not" Hayes said sighing.
"Hi what's your name" I asked.
"Skylynn. what's your name!"
"Scarlett" I smiled. she was so beautiful and cute! I couldn't get enough of her goofiness.
It was all fun and games until his step mom came in.
"Hayes,why don't you take Scarlette to the arcade by our home? Be a gentlemen." she giggled.
"Okay Nila." he said grabbing my hand and going out.
We got out and Hayes took me to the arcade without saying a word.
"Are you hungry?" He finally said something.
"Yeah. But only if you are I guess" I got embarrassed at the way I put it.
"Yeah. Want pizza?"
"That'd be great." I said. he grabbed my hand again making me uncomfortable.
He ordered us a pizza and took me to the seating.
"Hayes"
"Yeah"
"I'm really not trying to be rude,but at school you push me around and punch me and slap me and h-h-hurt me. But,when we're alone your just this really nice guy... Before you answer,What did I do wrong." I said my eyes beginning to water.
"Because. I have mixed feeling about you. I used to like you in the 6th grade Mrs Tommy Winchester." he hit the table.
"That's why?"
"Yes. Seeing you with Tommy made me furious so to make me feel better I took you out. K.O. And it did feel good,its like a drug and now I just don't like you at all but I don't dislike you,its as if I just met you."
"Hayes...i- just- I-" I placed my hand on my face. is he for real?! Is stormed into the ladies bathroom.
"Fuck him." I looked into the mirror. "He made me feel so bad about myself! He literally has issues. ISSUES." Hayes ran into the bathroom.
"HAYES YOUR A GUY!"
"I couldn't care less."
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Sorry for any grammar mistakes!!!!!
I really hope you liked this I legit had no ideas at this point but I worked something out.
So the plot is Hayes likes Scarlett so therefor seeing her with another guy made him punch her. He enjoyed it sickly enough,so he continued doing it to take out his anger.
Please let me know if you liked my story cause it sure as hell took me a while to come up with. I know a lot of stories have the same beginning but this one is much more unique and WILL continue differently.
-S•
I hung my head down as I walked through the hallway. I new that I wouldn't be able to make friends being the freak that I am. I couldn't risk exposing myself to a normal human. I am human I thought. Well at least 88%. The rest is all sorts of powers that I've learned to control over the years. "How are you" a voice suddenly said, interrupting my thoughts. I look up to see a girl standing there. "I...I'm fine" I stuttered. "Do you know where to go?" said the girl. I took a minute to visual the map of the school I programmed in my head. The fourth classroom on the left. "Yes" I replied quietly. "Oh well maybe we could get to know each other more, but until you get situated I'll be hanging around and if you need anything my name is Nina" she said kindly. "Yeah" I said back "I would like that." So far I've seem to have made a new friend I thought as I walked into my classroom. Remember the plan I told myself. If you sense any danger you get the hell out of there. I took my seat and zoned out the entire boring class.
Copyright © 2015 Emma Cameron (Livetodreamx)
All rights reserved
********
He wouldn't leave my side. I felt like I couldn't breathe. The realisation of what I had done kick started my heart so it was vibrating against my chest. I had married Lyle Armel.
"Something wrong Arabella?"
His voice was like silk dusting along my skin, a sweet melody that sounded to anyone around us caring. I knew better. His hand squeezed my hip bone, not painfully, just in a warning. We were surrounded by his family, friends and associates. They believed this to be a marriage of love, not payment.
My father caught my eye across the room, his old worn suit standing out against the many immaculately dressed people here. I swallowed my fear knowing that for at least five seconds I had to get away from the heat of the body behind me.
"I need to speak to my father." I demanded shocking myself.
"I'll come with you."
I shook my head. "I need to speak to him myself for a moment." His hand again squeezed my hip, my eyes cast to Lyle's cautiously.
The dark brown orbs were flecked with black, something I hadn't noticed since meeting him that morning. There was an intensity to them that would make any man cower at his feet. He ran his free hand through his chocolate coloured hair. For a moment my eyes wavered to that movement watching the muscles flex under his suit jacket. I shook my head immediately stopping my obvious ogling.
"Two minutes. Tell him what day you will see him."
"Day?"
"I will allow you to see him one day a week. Your father is no longer your concern. You are lucky I'm being so kind." I raised my head so our eyes were glued to each other. He didn't falter, didn't even blink.
"Sunday." I nodded knowing this was an argument I was never going to win.
"Tell him, two minutes." He leaned down kissing me briefly. A gasp left my lips as the goose bumps peppered my skin with that small touch. He affected me too much, his sheer masculinity was overwhelming.
The breath caught in my throat when his index finger trailed up my arm. Lightly his lips brushed my ear, his teeth soon brushing against my earlobe. "Stop." I whispered. He only laughed in response, the movements of his chest brushing against my breasts. He knew what he was doing, of course he did. Everything he did was controlled.
"So responsive." He whispered, the silky tone of his voice gone to be replaced with something more primal, something that seemed to call to my traitor of a body.
I didn't say anything as I tore myself from his embrace and walked to my father. As I left Lyle my anger seemed to surface. Storming past my father he followed me out of the enormously overdressed ballroom. Honestly, how they had managed to book one of the ballrooms in a high class hotel in such short notice was beyond me.
"I'm so sorry Angel." I looked at the tears filling his eyes, my heart melting just a little.
"How could you do this? I can deal with picking you up at the sleazy bars, the casinos, the houses in the middle of nowhere but this? You borrowed money from the Armels - the Armels dad. That name is known and we both know what for."
Turning away from him I squeezed my eyes shut stopping the tears that had threatened to fall all day. I felt my father's hand on my back. When I turned around a stray tear had slipped from my eye.
"Oh Angel, I'm so sorry. I'm going to get help this time. I'll win big, I'll make sure you are free from him. I promise"
I nodded knowing that he wouldn't. Promises with my father were never to be taken seriously. He couldn't keep one if his life depended on it. I was the only one who could get myself out of this situation.
"I am allowed to come by every Sunday."
"Allowed?" He echoed in what I could only described as pure shock.
"What did you expect Dad." I grated through my teeth exasperated. "I am nothing but a piece of property to him. The next time you borrow money remember that I'm not going to be there to bail you out. I'm his now."
"Oh God." He gasped his eyes widening. "I didn't think, I didn't realise. I'm going to fix this." He took my hands in despair, I could feel his shaking beneath mine.
"You have to go. I don't want you associated with these people any longer." He nodded sadly at me.
"I don't deserve you." He admitted weakly.
"Go Dad. You're the only family I have and I love you. I'll see you on Sunday."
"I love you too." I didn't watch him leave, I turned instead heading back into the ballroom with a smile painted on my face.
Lyle raised his eyebrows when he saw me clearly angry that I had taken more than his allocated two minutes. When I reached him I was pulled into his arms. My stunned expression must have shown as his mother laughed towards us.
"Lyle, you nearly knocked the poor woman off her feet." She smiled lovingly up at him.
"Sorry." He whispered into my ear. I just smiled as his mother looked at us in awe.
"I can't believe my Lyle found love." She exclaimed excitedly clapping her hands. "You are a very lucky man, you better remember that Lyle Armel." His mother warned, instantly in that moment I liked her.
"I know Mum. Trust me, I know."
"You are going to be so happy together. I can just see it. This was so unexpected. I'm still trying to process my son is married." Her and me both I thought but didn't dare say the works aloud.
"Excuse me." I slipped from Lyle's arm quickly so he couldn't stop me.
The bathroom was freezing cold when I walked in thanks to the woman standing smoking out of the window.
"I won't tell if you don't" The woman laughed flicking the cigarette out the window and leaving, thankfully I was left in peace.
My four inch heels clicked on the tiled floor as I walked to the mirror. I didn't look like myself. The make-up artist had plastered me in make-up, the hair stylist curled my hair until it was too perfect and the dress I wore was not something I would have picked. It screamed money and clung to every inch of my body.
"That was rude." I blinked several times realising that I was once again pulled into Lyles arms.
"I just needed a minute." His eyes looked at mine in the mirror then cast down the reflection of my body, it was like his eyes were undressing me. Standing there I felt completely bare.
"Appearances are important in this world. You don't take a minute. Nobody can see weakness, only strength." His voice was surprisingly soft. "Do you understand?" He demanded his voice now completely serious, his eyes penetrating mine.
"I'm not made for this world."
"Yes you are. More than anyone in that ballroom." I didn't question what he meant, I didn't have the energy.
"I'd fuçk you right here if I could get away with it." He groaned. As he stepped forward I felt his erection strain against his suit trousers.
"What?" He frowned seeing my distressed expression.
"I'm a virgin." I blurted.
He took a moment to recover. If I wasn't assessing every inch of his face I wouldn't have seen the slight widening of his eyes.
"I don't want to lose my virginity to a man I met this morning, a man I know nothing about other than his..his reputation."
"Are you denying me what is mine?" He seethed, his anger clearly visible.
"No, I'm just not ready." He nodded almost reluctantly.
"Your virginity is safe for tonight Mrs Armel but mark my words, when I do take you, I'll fuçk you hard. I'll mark you as mine so that you will never think of another man. I'll be all you need, all you can think of. Besides just because I'm not inside you tonight doesn't mean we can't do...other things." He smirked.
My breathing was shallow, my legs like jelly. "Thank you." I mumbled in a whisper. If his words alone could turn me into a puddle of need I had no chance.
"Come."
I followed Lyle out to the ballroom our hands holding onto each other. He smiled down at me as we walked to our seats so we could rejoin his mother.
My heart was running its own marathon in my chest as he spoke confidently to his family around him. I didn't know how I was going to survive this marriage. I had to get out as soon as I could, hopefully before he found out that I had lied about my virginity.
At least I had given myself something that was going to be crucial - time.
*****
Hey guys,
I hope you enjoyed, I will be updating the next chapter in a week. I would love to know what you all think and if you click the little star it would really make my day.
This story is going to have a lot more 'heat' than my previous stories, there will be sex scenes, swearing etc, if that isn't something you want to read I totally understand!
♥
There's this guy. Wyatt. He and I share a dorm room. There are two different rooms and a huge living room. It looks like an apartment with out the kitchen.
He is in most of my collage classes, so I see him alot. He is mysterious and I have my suspicions. He never brings a girl home and is never at parties. He is always home by ten. At first I thought oh he just wants good grades. But my supisons grew when there was a big party and he didn't go. It was spring break so there was no homework. I even asked him I he wanted to go and he said no. My name is Lila May. And this is someone I knew.

—-
"Hey Wyatt, do you want some eggs. I made eggs." I saw him walk out of his room and stretch. We have a stove and a micro wave but there in the living room.
"Sure I like eggs." He said in a yawn. He is always tired on the morning but goes to bed really early. It made me wonder what he does in his too at night. There were no windows so he couldn't sneak out. Well, there are windows bit we are on the 22nd floor.  We ate breakfast in slience. It was a a Saturday, so no classes. I kinda liked Wyatt. He was smart and funny, he has blondish hair, dark brown eyes. Okay I liked him alot. But that didn't help my suspensions about him.
" You wanna go to the park with the dogs today?" He asked me. We have two dogs Ozzy a beagle very young. And Bear a Iriss Terrier. About a year old.
"Sure,  its sunny out it would be a good day foe a walk in the park." He smiled and walked back to his room. I ran to mine, I wanted to get ready before he did. I picked out a Ln outfit and dos my makeup. By the time I was done he had done the dishes and was getting his shoes on. He smiled as I walked out and got the dogs on their leashes.
—
I was sitting on a bench while he played fetch with the dogs. I was laughing because he just fell down in the mud. He came over to me covered in mud. I stood up as he tried to give me a hug. I was running away as he chased me. Soon enough we were both laughing on the ground. Both the dogs were licking pit faces. As we packed up and went home. He did give me a muddy hug. When we got home he took a shower and I just changed. I was watching t.v as he ploped down next to me on the couch. Maybe I was wrong to have supisons or maybe I was right.

Just then the door bell rang. I went to get up yo get it only to be pushed back onto the couch by Wyatt. He opened the door, and as soon as he saw who it was he slamed the door right in their face. He went to his room leaving me confused. I followed him, I found him sitting at his desk texting on bus phone. I crossed my arms and sat on his bed. I was in love with his bed. He had a waterbed. I always wanted one. So every time I went in his room I always sat on his bed.
" Why are you on my bed?" He crossed his arms like me, I started to laugh because he almost fell of the computer chair. He got up and jumped on the bed beside me. It sent me flying across the room. I got  back on the bed, I tried to send him flying but I was to small. He turned off the lights and pushed a button. He pointed to the celling. I looked up and there was the most magnificent sight ever. It was galaxeys and stars. Milky ways and planets. How could you go to sleep with that nightlight. I must of dozed off, because the next thing I knew I was in my own bed. I looked at my phone and it was about 3 in the morning. I got up to go check on Wyatt. He was still laying on his bed looking up at the stars on the celling.

"Sorry, I must of dozed off." I yawned he looked up at me and smiled. He offered to watch a movie with me. And I said yes. Not knowing that he would put a scary movie on that mad me jump six feet in the air. I pushed him when he tried to scary me that morning when I was in the kitchen. I must of dozed off again cause I woke up on top of Wyatt on the couch. I sat bolt tight up and checked the time. 9:54am. As I checked my phone Wyatt woke up he put a arm behind him and gave a sly smile.
"What did you do?" I said crossing my arms again. He wiped away fake tears, and looked hurt.
"Can't I wake up without having to have done something?"
"No." I said yawing and uncrossing my arms. He still looked hurt. He wraped me me in a hug. I aware he was trying to squeeze me to death. I pushed up on his chest. For a moment I was right above him. His eyes staring into mine. I kept telling myself to kiss him right then and there. But I pushed away before I could. He ran back to his room, he waved at me to follow.  And I did. When I got to his room. He was putting on a new shirt. He bounced down on his bed and pated the side next to his telling me to lay beside him. I pounced on the side next to his. It made him role over. He groaned as he roles over he faced me on his side. I shivered at the closeness of him. My crush was right next to me. I sighed and rolled over till I was looking at the ceiling.
"Hey. Do I smell funny or something?" He said and smelled his shirt. I laughed and faced him again. I leaned over to him.
Prologue: Katniss and Peeta Mellark are currently living a rough life, but in all reality it's not that bad and it will get better. Just like it has dozens of times before, Katniss learns to help Peeta and even herself. Follow their story and see how they figure out the rest of their 'Forever and Always' and how Katniss picks up a few other Missing Pieces along the way.
Katniss POV- (A bit later)
I lay hunched over in the grass, I've been here at least an hour. Going through and crying for each and every person to cry for and I still don't feel any better.
Peeta's still upset and he will be for a while and I'm out here feeling sorry for myself.
Being selfish as usual.
Rain soaks my t-shirt and I'm chilled to the bone, the sun went away a little before I came out here and all that's left to show for it is the clouds.
But it is not warm.
It's gloomy.
"Katniss! Get your ass in here it's raining!" Peeta yells, slinging the back door open.
I pull my head up out of the saturated, flattened grass and give him a look, partly because it's hot and muggy and the lightening hurts my eyes.
"Come on! You're going to get struck by lightening or something! Hurry up." He says but I don't move.
He shakes his head at me, rolling his eyes before he runs out the back. Immediately getting soaked by the large water droplets, "Come on!" Peeta says but I refuse to move, even though he's pulling on my arm.
I look up at him, his eyes still sad but worried and frustrated too.
"Why do you care?" I mutter, yanking my arm out of his grip.
He looks at me like I've gone insane.
I glare at him.
He holds my gaze then plops down next to me in the wet grass.
Maybe he has gone insane too.
"Because you are my wife."
I scoff, "Doesn't matter." I say crossing my arms.
"Yeah it does." Peeta says pretty loudly, the rain is making it hard to hear.
"Just because we are married doesn't mean anything, Peeta." I say, sounding absolutely crazy and I know I've lost some piece of my mind because I am not even making sense.
It's like I have no control, the words I speak.
"Yeah it does." Peeta repeats.
"How?"
He sighs, then stifles a fake laugh, "You don't get it do you?"
I pick at the tall, wet blades of grass, not caring to look at him or even begin to worry about getting wet or worse, struck by the lightening that lights the sky and makes the thunder shake the earth.
"Get what? What is there to get? You're slipping away from me and there's nothing I can do about it."
"That's not what I meant." Peeta says, shaking his head.
"Then what do you mean? Because obviously I don't understand you anymore."
He scoffs, "Why do I care, Katniss? Maybe it's because you are my best friend. You're sitting out here in the pouring rain acting absolutely insane and you ask me why I care? Why would I not care?" Peeta asks loudly, not because he's all that frustrated but because of the rain.
But that however was a stupid question to ask, I will give him that.
I think for a minute and can only decipher one logical answer.
"Because you love me." I finally muster up.
"Exactly. But maybe it's not just because I love you." He says, squinting as rain drips down his long eyelashes and his blonde hair that's now dark from the rain and slide off the tip of his nose. I blink away a few droplets of rain, my hair is soaked and my clothes are too, not anymore than Peeta's are though.
"Then what else?" I ask, knowing Peeta's gonna say something that will make all my anger go away and make everything seem like it'll be fine again, but it won't because I know damn well once we get back inside or even wake up in the morning, everything will be back to the way it has been.
He takes a deep breath as thunder rumbles the ground.
My first instinct is to flee, because thunder always comes after lightening and lightening is surely near, but I don't budge.
"It's probably because not only do I love you and because you are my wife but because you are my best friend. My other half and my heart. You're my world, my everything." Peeta rambles on, then stops.
I look up at him wondering why he stopped, but it seems he stopped to look in the sky.
I look up too, almost blinded by the lightening bolts.
I know we better get out of here before something else tragic happens like we get electrocuted by our wedding rings or something.
"But most importantly because I am your missing piece and you are mine." Peeta says softly, the words just flowing out of his mouth like he's said them a billion times, but I know that he is just speaking from his heart.
He's always been good at that and being convincing without lying.
I just hold my breath, not knowing how to respond.
He always plays that 'Missing Piece' card and it always gets me, but it should, he is my 'Missing Piece.' And maybe I should think about that a little more.
How he is that exactly.
"Now will you please get off the damn ground and get your ass inside?" Peeta asks after a second as hail begins hitting the ground and the top of our heads, but luckily it's small enough not to hurt.
But we rush inside.
When we get inside Peeta and I go upstairs without speaking.
I strip from my soaking wet clothes and leave them on the bathroom floor while Peeta changes in our bedroom. I put on dry undergarments and dry my hair with a towel. When I come out and Peeta is in his underwear, his hair still dark blonde from the moisture.
When he sees me he immediately walks up behind me and puts his black robe around my body, wrapping me up and holding me there, so that I am forced to stay in his arms.
"Are you okay?" He asks softly, his wet hair on my cheek.
I breathe heavily and feel like my voice has vanished.
"Yes." I say softly and he releases me.
I tighten the robe around my body, loving the scent it holds, a scent I rarely smell anymore.
I bite my bottom lip, trying to hold back tears and we just stand there ungainly.
The thunder and lightening still going on along with the hail and rain, lighting up our entire bedroom more than the lightbulbs could ever do.
"So, what now?" Peeta asks, again ignoring the storm around us.
I let out my breath.
"I guess that's up to you." I say truthfully.
He sighs heavily and sits on the edge of the bed and says, "I want to get better."
I turn around and face him.
I can see the real Peeta fighting his way back to me, lately his eyes, they've been that grayish, cloudy color.
The color they get when he gets so angry and lashes out, but I've tried to ignore it.
"Then please just try."
He closes his eyes, "I will."
I walk over and kneel before him, wrapping my arms around his waist. He sets his steady hands on my back.
It reminds me of the night we had our first kiss.
He kneeled before my like this and I held him there, and we cried and cried. It's a memory neither of us will forget, even though the place it happened in is long gone.
But it feels so good just for him to let me touch him.
He never wants me to hug him or kiss him or even really lay by him at night and he no longer holds me or even tells me he loves me unless I say it first.
I never thought I would be the one having to try so hard in our relationship and I don't know how Peeta could stand it all those years, being the one to make the first move for everything.
Plus cooking, doing dishes, laundry, take care of me, himself and anyone else he could.
Working at the bakery too.
He's always supported me, served me and I don't even wanna ask him what we will do about money now.
I know it's not even crossed his mind and shamefully, it's crossed mine.
He has no where to work now and no one to write his paychecks and no one to even own the business that gave us our living.
He doesn't even have a bakery anymore.
But even if he gets a job somewhere else, he wouldn't be doing what he loved.
I would without a doubt get a job this time-to support us.
But it's getting to the point where he never sketches or even has any interest picking up a pencil.
And this is not my Peeta.
My Peeta was a painter and a baker and he was passionate about love and life and living life to the fullest and this Peeta isn't.
It's like he has no desire to move on and I don't blame him.
He literally lost everyone but me and what am I to him?
Sure, three of his grandparents are alive and some cousins and their parents but it's not the same.
They aren't the same as your father or your brothers or hell, even your mother.
Bristol isn't the same as Prim and Carter and Finn wouldn't be the same as my kids, if we ever have any. Gale wouldn't be the same as Peeta and Brandon wouldn't be the same as Finnick for Annie.
And Peeta's parents wouldn't be the same as mine and neither would his grandparents.
His grandparents aren't his own parents and I guess what I am trying to say is that yes, they are apart of why he is here but not completely and I think that's what is so devastating to him.
Plus, loosing one at a time isn't as bad as them all in a day. Like his other grandparents, he lost them both in a matter of a few weeks. It still had to be easier than this.
But then again losing anyone isn't ever easy, I know that much.
Maybe I won't ever understand what Peeta is really feeling, because we all take this a different way but I do know I can't blame him for his behavior because I acted a hundred times worse.
There's always someone out there going through something a hundred times worse than your situation and I think I've found him.
Warning: All Readers must understand that this book is depressing and if you do not like it do not read it. Please do not give me crap about this book. On this book I while try harder than any of my others and I hope you will enjoy it as much as I enjoy writing it.
I used to be able to get up, grab my glasses, a pair of skinny jeans, a baggy sweater, and (obviously!) my converse. Throw my book bag over my shoulder, grab one of my mother's awful health smoothies, a cereal bar, and head out the door to catch the bus. Now, my step-dad makes it impossible.
Once my mom heard about the mysterious plague going around she immediately had to go out and propose to her boyfriend of three years. He is super nice and I love him and that he made my mother super happy. Although ever since we had moved into his mansion sized house he has always tried to get me to care more about my appearance.
He bought me a whole new wardrobe. Not like he can't afford to buy me rooms full of top-brand clothing. But my mom and I could never afford it and I have learned to survive without it. Nor do I want it.
He wants me to wear dresses to school! DRESSES! I don't feel comfortable wearing dresses to school. Skirts aren't any better. Sure I will wear them to church or nice events, but school...NO!
He also spends loads of money on... what are they called... augh... I don't even know what they are called! Those people at makeup stores who do all your makeup for you so that you can know which different shade and other crap matches you best and matches your personality or whatever. I only know because I've been dragged to the mall more than once.
Anyways, my point is that it makes it almost impossible to get out the door without my step-dad pouting, yes POUTING, about how I should try to dress up. And how I should be trying to "build up my self confidence." And every day I reassure him that he's known me for three years and I have always dressed in what I liked and have I ever not been confident in myself. I ask him if he has ever seen me look not self confident and he always mutters a little no, as I slip out of door to start the trek to the bus stop.
I don't even know what he does but he gets some pretty good stuff out of it. And one of those great "perks", as I like to call them, is his giant house. A downside is this huge driveway of his. It's like the size of my whole cul de sac. Apparently most people don't know that word or something cause I've had to explain it like twenty times but it is a street that is closed on one end.
Anyways, having to trek up this thing is not a quick-hurry-out-the-door driveway. No, it's a wake-up-10-minutes-early driveway. Plus, there is almost no one other than me who rides the bus to school in my neighbor hood. It is almost all rich boys and girls who are in the bus route so its also an hour drive since they try to fill the bus up as much as they possibly can. You would think a school of rich preppy kids could afford to waste a little money!
My bus ride is more or less just a nap/homework session. When I get to school I head straight to my locker where I am meet with my best friend, Katerina. Kat is like a story book princess, she just doesn't have a prince (officially!) She has big blonde waves in her hair and big, bright green eyes with these amazing eyelashes. She dresses up everyday and would usually join my stepdad in his daily struggle to get me to dress up but has given up the effort recently. Me on the other hand, I have fading reddish hair and pale, also fading green eyes. As I get closer to my locker I shout, "Hey, Katerina Ballerina."
"Hi, Mimi!" She responds as she is turning to stuff her book bag into my locker. We tend to share all our school stuff (and everything else); books, lockers, everything. Then she turned back to me with a playful pout on her face, "And don't call me that."
I learn my shoulder on to the locker beside mine and start to pull out my stuff, "When you stop calling me Mimi." Kat has been calling me Mimi ever since she got her wisdom teeth out and couldn't say Ingrid and so she would just shout/mumble "MIMI!" because my middle name is Emilia.
"Well, thats never gonna happen!" She laughs before slamming the locker closed and turning to leave. Before she gets half way around to leave she quickly turned, gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, turned and walked away but not before shouting out, "Au revoir Mimi!"
"Ciao Kat!"
~
~
~
At the end of a completely uneventful day I was packing up my stuff when Oren Pedes and his strange but somehow popular crew of delinquents came stalking by. I really didn't hear much, nor did I care, what they were saying but because of the hushed, soothing tone they were talking in, they seemed to be trying, unsuccessfully, to comfort who I think was Ivan Greene. It is not an uncommon sight anymore. People crying about loved ones. It used to be that everyone would cry but now the girls just act dead on the outside because they know as that fate has they will be next.
I have sympathy, really I do, but when it comes to this, all of us girls just keep quiet unless it was our best friend or something. Oren is a really nice guy and I feel bad for him. His girlfriend was really lucky to have him. I had heard from Kat (the gossip queen) that because she had been living with her single mother, that when her mom died Oren took her in.
Maybe I need to explain some more. Some sort of mutated something is killing off girls! Mothers, grandmas, children, daughters, even babies! No one knows why, you sort of just get sick and then you become delirious, and then you die! That is how my mother died, and how, most likely, I will die,
***Please Vote and point out mistakes and comment ect! How else am I supposed to know you like it!***
Troyes povWaking up is the worst, like why cant we just sleep the whole day, that way, no one would have emotions, life would be a lot easier. Okay im lazy i know i know.
I was interupted in my thoughts by a skype call. I saw Tylers name and got butterflys in my stomach, before i even clicked answer. Tyler had been my bestfriend since my first Vidcon, 2 years ago. It was now 2015 and i had developed a hugh crush on my bestfriend, no not a crush. It started with a crush then a minor love situation, but right now?i know he can never like me so i cant go to the next stage, i cant let myself get there just to be hurt.
I realised he was probably wondering where i was, i quickly answered before he would hang up
"Troye!!!!!!" he yelled smiling down the camera on my laptop"Tyler hey!!!" I smiled, he made me so happy"i thought you werent going to reply, is it early over there?""Early for me" He laughed, wow, butterflys again. fuck. "So whatd ya want?you never ring me this early?" I asked. He always rings me at night time, since time differences and shit like that "Cant i just call ma favourite boy because i want to say hi??"i give him 'that look'"Okay okay, well i got a call today from the Youtube Head Office today, they explained that because PlayList Live Isnt on this year because of financial issues, they would rent us youtubers, a house we could live in together in for a week. There three houses speead between youtbers so we could be with anyone really!!He said i could let you know, he called everyone else but for some reason he couldnt reach you"
A house with tyler...for a week....fuck
"Tyler that sounds incred oh my god!!I would love it!!When?"He smiled, probably glad i like the idea. I love his smile...shit.
"Well he said he could get a flight orginized for you in 3 days to LA and you could stay with me a few days before everyone arrives, sounds good??""Amazing!!"We continued talking until he had to go meet his bestfriend, Korey, for lunch. The whole time i thought of his beautiful face, laugh, voice...But hes my bestfriend!!i cant think these things, but a week with him, and staying at his house?i dont know if my feelings can stay inside......~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Tyler Pov.I hated hanging up on Troye, i loved talking to him, i missed him a lot. It sucked he lived on the other side of the planet, but ill see him in a few days. Im so excited to see everyone, but my heart has a soft spot for Troye, ever since he came out, he changed, in a good way and i cant help but think we have more then a friendship together, i like Troye and i know for sure my feelings with grow stronger the next few weeks, he wont like me, i have to deal with that...i guess~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So troyler is my life. legit. Im georgia and yeah, idk how many likes and shit itll get, but ill give it a go cause, its fucking fun😂sorry about spelling mistakes lol
I'm a big fan of the classics, because there's always a "slow-burn" to the love story, and I've slowly worked my way through every recommended read I can find, before moving onto fanfics. I'll admit, they're my guilty pleasure, and I love reading someone else's spin on my favourite characters. I also really love how friendly everyone in the fanfic community is, and how willing people are to share their wonderful stories for free.

My favourite classic has to be North and South. I think Gaskell has a gritty humour about her which still appeals to a modern audience, and she has a talent for portraying passion and despair with a really emotive use of language, which totally grips me. It helps, of course, that she created for us, the wonderful character of John Thornton. To me, North and South is what love is all about; John loves Margaret even when he thinks she's done wrong, even when he thinks there's no hope. So many classics set their heroines up to be faultless, but it's Thornton's loving Margaret in spite of all that he thinks she's done wrong, which really shows the depth of his love for her. It was therefore, my first choice for my own fanfic.

This is a time-hop (time-travel) piece, and introduces a new character alongside Margaret (not instead of). I think Mr Thornton has timeless appeal, but I'm not so sure that Margaret stands the test of time quite so favourably; I've always struggled to warm to Margaret as the heroine (sorry!). For me, she's a bit too judgemental, a bit too stubborn, and a bit too blind to all that is Mr Thornton. My fanfic is a personal indulgence (which I hope others can enjoy) and tries to combine all the great qualities of Margaret, but in a modern-day heroine.

Shadow in the North is based on the book (not the TV adaptation) and follows Gaskell's original plot closely until things go awry, so it's a slow burn for anyone who's looking for something totally original from the very start. There is a philosophical debate at the start, which is the vehicle for the time-hop, but bear with me; it's really only the first chapter; I'm not going to lecture anyone like Mr Hale might! This will be a full-length piece (over 40 chapters, by my reckoning), but I'll post regularly. I'm an indie author, posting under my public name, so don't worry; I'm not going to give up on this story part way through; it wouldn't do my reputation any good!

I hope you enjoy it. Please do share comments and suggestions. I've never done a fanfic before, nor a period piece. I only started writing last year, so feedback is always welcome.

Emma x
Hey! Sooo... My new story! Ash is a lone wolf vampiress (no, she's not a real wolf, and that's what you call female vampires) The above picture is what Ash is wearing for this chapter. (She's thirteen when she's changed, btw... This is 13 year-old Ash, next chapter she's 17.) ENJOY!___________________________________________________________________________
13 YEAR-OLD ASH'S POV
I pull up the hood of my hoodie, and keep walking through the alleyway. I'm in what my family calls the "crime side" of town. I have a knife in my pocket that I just bought. I live on the bad side of New York City, so I'm always prepared. We don't have a car, because this is New York, where traffic is impossibly thick- especially at night -. I continue my walk home. Most cities would be freaking out at just the thought of a 13-year-old girl walking the "crime side" of town alone at midnight, but not ours. This is normal.
I am about three blocks from my apartment when I see a shadow in my periphery. I get out my knife, and hold it in front of me. I feel a sharp pain in my neck. I scream, because the pain is excruciating. The figure is standing over me, looking at me with amusement. I can see the figure more closely now. It's a tall man with black hair and red eyes.
I continue to scream, and he puts something over my mouth. I eventually pass out from the pain.
<<<<<<<<<< Time Skip two weeks later >>>>>>>>>>
I look into the mirror, yet again to see red eyes staring back at me. The man came to me on my walk last night, and said that I was halfway through the process of becoming a vampire. I don't know why, but I believed him. I am considerably faster, and my skin is paler. My heart rate has slowed, and I don't need to breath as much. It's all here. All of the signs. Also, my skin is colder to the touch.
I shake my head, and go back to bed.
>>>>>>>>>>Two weeks later/ end of transformation<<<<<<<<<<<<
I scream again, and feel it- two sharp needle-pointed fangs pushing through my gums. I bring my finger to the tip of them, and they feel like knives. They're as sharp as knives too. "Ashley dear, why were you screaming?" My mom asks from the next room. "No reason!" I yell back, and get up. I walk outside, and run as fast as I can. In about ten minutes, I have reached the city line. I run back home. On my way, I smell something warm, sticky, and sweet.
Blood. I smell blood. I run towards it, and find the source. It's a man, in his late thirties. I sneak up behind him, and quickly snap his neck, so he doesn't feel pain. I smile, and drink every last drop.
After my dinner, I go home. _____________________________________________________________________________
Tada! The first chapter. Next chapter Ash will be 17. C'ya!
Hey everyone! Me here. Most of the stories here will be from the internet, or I made them up. If you know one that you want in here, message me and I'll put it in! :)
Hello everybody!!
This is my first ever book i am ever writing and i am soo excited!! This book is going to be very long....just be aware of that.

I am always going to be updating every Saturday and if i am free during the week. Bear with me my grammer is awful and so are some spelling mistakes.

i will be writing the first chapter soon, i hope you enjoy Broken!
A/N hi! this is just gonna be a book of my favorite movies and TV shows. ones that will be used:
once upon a time gleehunger games lostpitch perfectand lots of others!!!!!!!thx! -cora
"Hol!" Joey yelled "yes?" I smile "why? Why did you do it?" I sigh "because it's my happy place." "YOU DID DRUGS!!!" "And you care why?" I ask "I'm worried about you ever since Shane cheated on you your health when down hill" "what ever!" That's a normal talk with Joey. He's been worried about me ever since my ex-boyfriend cheated on me with Lisa. "Listen Hollister I want you to be happy but I can't let you do drugs!" Joey never recognized my scars but Joey can be that way like he didn't realize how disappointed I was(and still am) knowing he will never like me how I like him but I will always respect his choice I mean he's my best friend and really my only friend "Hol! Are you even listening to me?" "I'm going out" "where?" "Places Joey places!" "Hollister!" "Joesph!" I mocked leaving to Markpliers or my brother Marky "MARKY!!!" "What did you do now?" Mark laughed "Haha very funny I can't just visit my big bro?""You and Joey got in a fight?" Shoot I can't tell him I took drugs! "Yea, over freakin' laundry!"
Heyyy another fanfic!!! Sorry first chappy is short
Where can I start? Do I explain my early childhood if it's simply just a normal early childhood, or should I just start from where I am? If only my life were more interesting than it really is, then I would have more to tell you about. Anyway, I'll just give you a brief summary.My name is Lily Edwards. I'm fifteen years old and my life is pretty basic. I live in the middle of nowhere, or Wyoming, and I go to school with less than two hundred kids. My mom is a librarian at the local library and my dad works as a police officer. They may be even more boring than I am; they don't talk to anyone and barely even acknowledge me in the mornings. Seventy-five percent of their day is taken up doing work and the rest of the twenty-five percent is spent either reading or writing. Writing to who, you may think? I have no idea.So, that's pretty much the story of my life, so far. It's pretty much the same routine everyday. Life is predictable here, but when I graduate, I intend to leave for college. Somewhere populated and warm; perhaps Florida? Somewhere far away. I have even considered leaving the country to get away from here, but I have no way to get there. I'll never be able to earn enough money to leave. It's going to take a miracle to go somewhere else for college.My parents have given me no opinions on the matter. Whenever I start to talk about it, they change the subject or find an excuse to leave. Can they be more rude? I mean, I'm their daughter for God's sake.If that miracle is coming, it better come faster. I don't know if I'll be able to take much more of this.
"You have to come, Lily! It's my party for the start of school! Come on!"I glare at my best friend. She knows I hate parties because everyone stares at me. Not like I'm a weirdo, but because, as Caroline puts it, I'm super cute. My hair, a dark chocolate brown, is thick and wavy. My eyes are electric blue and my skin is always tan, which is a result from my Italian roots. Whenever we go to parties, or any place for that matter, all eyes turn to me. I feel uncomfortable all the time cause I can always feel at least one pair of eyes on me. For once, I would like someone to look at me like I'm worth it, not in jealousy or longing."You know I would love to, but I can't. You know how people get around me.""I know, but I would still love for you to come," she squeals. Love for me to get boys' attention, I think.We walk quietly down the hall. Suddenly, I hear choruses of screams and girls sprinting down the hall to the entrance. I see Faith, one of my friends, and stop her for a moment."What's going on?" I scream over the noise."He's here! He's here!" she shouts. "I can't believe it!""Who?"She wiggles out of my grasp and says, before she bounces away, "Noland!"Caroline comes to my side. "Who's here?""You know him," I mumble. "Every girl here does."She gasps. "You mean...""Exactly," I answer. "Jacob Noland has come to pay us a visit."
The crunching of leaves underpaw, sent chills up the spine of a small brown tabby; the snapping twigs under careless paws sounded like the cracking of bones and ribs. The endless repeat of caterwauls and agonizing cries, funneled into her pricked ears. The smell of blood, stung her nose; clawing its way into her open mouth. She could almost taste the tang of the blood, the saltiness of it. It was vile and inescapable.
"Help!" She cried, but help never came. All this time, she could hear the battle, smell it, taste it. But she could never see it. There was always a thin veil of mist that covered it all up, almost as if it wanted to be hidden from her memories.
A paw prodded her and suddenly all the pain, the terror, shot away like a terrified rabbit. She awoke. It was all a dream. And someone had aroused her from its terrible grasp. The chestnut colored striped tabby looked skywards to see a ginger feline, with hypnotising misty blue eyes.
"You okay?" The ginger she-cat asked, her tone was as smooth and comforting as honey. But everyone knew that innocent flies could get stuck in honey, so she would have to be careful with this stranger.
The brown tabby she-cat nodded, although it was obviously a lie. The ginger didn't speak, she just nodded and stepped back. The tabby stood up on shaky paws and looked around, she was only the age of three moons, still just a young little sapling. She blinked away her nightmares, which still repeated over and over inside her head. She had seen them before, this wasn't the first time she had relived this terrible nightmare. Or was it a memory?
"What is a young kit like you doing in town?" The ginger asked, before settling down to listen. Her ginger tail curled around herself, and at that moment the brown tabby kitten realized that the stranger's tail was half missing.
The brown tabby kitten shook herself and tore her green gaze away from the torn tail. "I don't know," she replied. Strangely, her voice was confident, even though this strange cat was almost three times the size of herself, she still held her tiny head high. "All I remember is that I don't have a family," she whispered softly. Maybe I can play soft and small, it might help.
The kitten watched as the ginger she-cat's eyes softened slightly, 'Maybe I can trust her?' The brown tabby kitten wondered. 'Or maybe not'
"Ah. Abandoned. I've seen many kittens that have been left on the alley ways to fend for themselves." The stranger meowed, "I'm Embri, by the way," she added. Her tone showed that she wanted a reply, and the kitten gave it in a matter of seconds.
"I'm Jagged," meowed the kitten. She remembered her name being meowed by her mother, in fact, she remembered something being said after her name. But not exactly what it was. So she just called herself Jagged. Not the best name. But it was all she had. All she remembered.
Embri tipped her muzzle upwards in a grin. "Jagged? Not a name I expected a kit to be called," The ginger she-cat stood up and flexed each leg in turn. "Alright, Jagged, I can't just leave you here to starve. Your coming with me. To the Alleyway,"
Jagged felt her eyes widen. "What's an Alleyway?" She wondered out loud. Her voice was almost a squeak, showing just how small and young she actually was.
Embri let out a small laugh, turning back Jagged saw a wide grin plastered across her muzzle. "That's for you to find out, after all, Jagged, You've been left to live with us..."
Joy's POVI ran down to the hallway to my dads room, it was my sixteenth birthday today and I couldn't wait to see what he was going to do this year. Every year my dad takes me to do something really cool. Today I decided to wear my favorite outfit, a white shirt with black jeans and a black cape that has a silver sword on the back. Just as I started to walk into his room a cloud of smoke appeared right in front of me, suddenly Brine appeared at the doorstep and I lost my balance and fell.
"What's wrong Joy?" He walked out of the doorstep into the hallway to help me up. I looked to the ground embarrassed that I was so clumsy and tried to think of something to say.
"Nothing is wrong dad I just wanted to know what you are doing? You're always out and you never really told me what you do when you're gone."
"That's a secret for later but right now we have a birthday present to attend to."
I smile cracked on my face as I tried to figure out what brine got me for my birthday, I asked several questions about what it looked like and what it does until my dad couldn't take it any more and left the conversation at how big is it, He came in about twenty minutes later with a golden carrot and handed it out to me.
"You"ll need this"
"Thanks I guess, what's it for?" I slowly looked at the carrot it was giving off a faint golden glow causing me to wonder why I even needed a golden carrot and how he found a carrot in the neather in the first place.
"You wanna find out?" He spoke and I nodded. He held out his hand and I took it, as soon as I did so an immense flash of light blinded me for a second and when it cleared it looked as if was floating in pitch black. It lasted a couple seconds before ground came back to me and I fell.
"Can you warn me next time?" I said getting up and brushing ash off my jeans and steadying myself.
"But it wouldn't be as funny now would it?" He smirked at me and walked beside me. "Your going to need to keep hold of this." He grabbed my sunglasses off of a pile of neatherrack and handing them back to me, I mumbled an ashamed thanks under my breath and quickly put them on. "This way" he pointed to a large mountain as he began to walk.
"Why couldn't you just teleport us there in the first place instead of making us walk?" I groaned and he shrugged and replied. "It's better this way" he looked over at me and waved for me to follow, "How is walking around better than teleporting?""Because when we get there you'll be relived witch will make the surprise even better.""Fair point" I said and I began to quicken my pace.~~~time skip~~~Herobrine's POVI watched as Joy ran up to the horse looked at it in awe as she gave it the golden carrot. The horse was black with silver eyes and hair and a large pair of ender dragon wings. Joy ran up to me and hugged me, I hugged her back.
"Thanks dad" she said and squeezed me tighter. After what seemed like twenty minutes she let go and went back to her horse.
"So, do you want to learn how to ride it?""Yeh" she replied and I helped her up onto the saddle on the horse. The first few times she fell but she got the hang of it. But she still couldn't ride very long without falling off of the horse. At least she was able to stay on the horse and ride.
"Hey dad, can I ride around for a while. I promise that I will be back soon" she was almost begging and I could tell that she needed the practice."Fine" I said and she squealed so loud that I had cover my ears with my hands. "Jeez happy much?"She nodded her head and began to lead the horse off in the opposite direction of the castle, I stayed and watched for a while but soon after she left teleported back home. I sighed and looked out the window, I just hope she doesn't get into any trouble.
Joy's POVAs my horse trotted along I spotted something glowing along a cave I wanted to check it out so I made a hastily made stable out of neatherrac for midnight(that's what she named her horse) and crept inside the cave. Inside there where two chests and what looked like a furnace, followed by a half burned crafting table, a diamond sword, and two loaves of bread. I picked up the loaves of bread and the sword, I never really needed a sword but I know I could make use of it somehow. After making sure there where no more things of interest in the room I left, following the glowing purple light until coming upon what looked to be a portal from one of the books I read, but they only gave a brief description of what it looked like. I slowly crept up to the portal, my gaze fixed upon the purple mist in awe. I slowly reached my hand out, my gaze still fixed upon the portal. When my hand touched the mist I couldn't move it. I was instantly aware of what I had done and immediately start pulling away from the portal and cursing but before I could free myself I began to vanish into thin air. I tried to the point to exhaustion to free myself but had no success and I gave up as my body disappeared into thin air. My last words came out as only whispers of what they should've been as I disappeared into the portal. "sorry dad"
So yah, how was this chapter? This is my first book so I would really like to know what you guys think. Anyway, I am holding a character contest for my book and the requirements areNameAgeGenderHybrid or other (optional)Look Weapon (daggers sword bow etc)BackstoryAnyway, if you guys have any ideas for my book or comments plz post them in comments, I would love to have some characters none will be turned down (unless you purposely make it terrible)See ya next chapter 😘
❝but he wasn't how he was supposed to be. nothing was how it was supposed to be. he took me and he broke me in half - except i loved every single brush of his skin against mine. even the times he made me cry, made me ache, made me bleed, i loved it.❞
/ beautiful cover made by HeartlessVibes /
The last day of my junior year was spent filling in bubbles on a very white piece of paper. The last final exam, history- then three months off. Three months of solitude, alone in my room like usual. I was scratching my pencil away at the paper when my phone buzzed loudly in my butt pocket against the hard plastic seat. In the classroom where you could hear a pin drop, the phone vibrating sound like a wailing siren. I pretended it wasn't me, and kept filling in the bubbles. I knew who was calling. 10 more minutes and the school day it was finished.
Buses pulled up in front of the school. The bad kids in their tight groups climb the steps, talking about their plans for the summer. But I stayed behind. I pulled out my phone and checked the missed call. It was my mom's second-home. Also known as Valley Hospital.
My mom had been in and out of the hospital ever since after I was born. She is diagnosed with condosarcoma, a rare strand of bone cancer in her spine. She was wheelchair-bound and an aggressive pain. I remember nights I couldn't sleep because of her screaming. She lost all of her hair, amongst other things, and I knew she wouldn't live much longer because the tumors kept coming back. But we still did everything we could to give her as much time as possible.
I called the number back and they told me she had been admitted again and was on a hefty dosage of morphine for the pain. I hung up the phone and began to walk home. It was a somewhat small town- usually quiet, and with lots of houses all close by. I made it home as the sun was going down a bit in the sky. The front door was unlocked and I entered to my older brother in his usual spot on the couch with his headset glued to his ears, shouting commands to friends that existed only in cyberspace. He didn't acknowledge me. No hey Ireland how was your day. ( My mom named me after her favorite island that she had studied abroad at in college and fallen in love with. My brother was named Benjamin he got to be normal.) Just the clicking of buttons and yelling. I walked behind the couch and to my bedroom door which was the basement. The steep steps give me privacy, because my mom couldn't wheel down them and my brother wouldn't get off his ass for anything. I made my way to the bottom drawer of my large wooden dresser, pulling it open. This is where I had my cigarettes from my brother. There's also a half empty bottle of vodka.
I love the basement because there was a bathroom, and I could smoke and no one would know. I pulled the cigarettes and a lighter out and made my way to the bathroom. I lit the end of the cancer stick and puffed away at it. I ran the water and wash the smoke swirl up and steam up the mirror. No one cared. I was alone.
Yesterday I was severely shocked when I was told to come to Josh Miles' party at the barn. Josh Miles was a cliché athletic guy who had fucked every girl that was at least "a six on the hotness scale". He was graduating this year so this was going to be the last party he would throw on the first official night of summer. I didn't really see the point in going.
Then again what was the point of anything really. I put out the cigarette and set it down on the sink. My closet didn't have much in it besides dark clothes. I had one dress and it was black- it was a dress I got for my uncle's funeral who had died of condosarcoma of the skull.. My mothers brother. The disease ran in the family; that's why didn't give a shit my lungs filled with tar. I was bound to get the rare cancer and end up 6 feet below with my mom and her little brother.
I put on the dress, then pulled black tights over my skinny legs and stood in front of the mirror. Flaws. Inexorable flaws. My face was too long, my hair was too thin and too dark. My skin was pallid looking and gross, and my teeth were not perfectly straight. I turned away from my reflection, pulled on some shoes, grabbed my phone and purse, and left.
I walked up my street and down a few other streets until I made it to the dead end road at the barn is on. It was a cement road that was disheveled and broke into a dirt road. No houses occupied the lots of this empty country street. Cars flew past me, teenagers yelling at me out the windows in their drug induced excitement. I kept walking and the music from the abandoned barn grew louder, and the trees thinned out the closer I got. I was finally in view of the flashing lights in the hundreds of people from my high school squeezing through the single barn door. I made my way towards the crowd and was pushed forward and in.
So guys this is kind of my first fanfic so please no hate I have continued writing my sisters story which is One Sided Love (Zayn Malik Fanfic).So please comment and vote and feel free to give your opinion.Zerrie shippers I know I am against Zerrie in this fanfic but I don't mind Zerrie so please NO HATE.

AISHA'S (P.O.V)

September 5,2015

I opened my laptop to see the breaking news all over twitter 'Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards break engagement 1 week before their marriage'.Oh My God what have I done.

Well before I tell you how have I have  caused Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards engagement just a week before their marriage I should introduce myself.My name is Aisha Khan. I am 22 and my third year of university is going on .I study in University of Arts London and live in their dorms with my best friend Alexa .I came from Pakistan to study on a full scholarship .Although now my parents are very rich as my father's business has become really successful but I have always liked being independent and although I was social but my studies have always been my first priority.I lived with my parents and big sister who is a successful business woman.Now to the part of how I have broken 'Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards engagement'.Me and my BFF went to Chicago I have my Aunt there and Alexa's whole family even her boyfriend is there.

Flash Back
2 weeks ago

2:00 am

My phone started ringing and I was brought out of my sleep.I picked up the phone to see it was Alexa "Hello Alexa!What Happened it is 2 in the night!" I heard sobbing mixed with loud music" Aisha!Jason brought me to this club and now he broke up with me!" I became alert"Alexa were are you I am coming with  Saira(My aunts daughter and my best cousin)!" "I am in the 'Rock n Roll' clubs bathroom!" "Okay I am on my way!".

I rushed up and wore a jacket and shoes"Saira wake up!" "What happened!It is 2 in the night!" "Yo need to drive me to Rock n Roll club!" "But-" "There is no time for questions I will explain it to you in the car!".Saira shot up from the bed and wore a jacket and shoes and we went to the car. Saira's parents were gone somewhere and were going to come tomorrow.Saira had two brothers one older Hassan who is already married and one is my age Ahmed and those to sleep like they are dead so they won't have an idea we were gone.I told the situation to Saira in the car and she said that she will wait in the car while I go and get Alexa.

I went inside and it was all dark the smell of alcohol in the air and I was suffocating plus it was packed.I went up to the bar and asked the bartender were the bathrooms were.He pointed in a random direction.I got my phone out and put it on recording so I know how to come back and so I have a source of light cause I can't see anything.I passed a lot of corridors.There were a lot of people and I turned from another lane and saw Perrie Edwards with another guy and I was sure .I quickly walked away from there and I was pretty sure I got it on my mobile.I finally found the bathroom and saw my best friend in corner curled up in a ball sobbing.

I picked her up  and took her back passing the many people and my phone in my hand playing the video trying to find my way back.I finally found my way back and I bumped into someone.It was a guy "I am Sorry!".Just as I was about Perrie came and hugged the guy from the back and said "Hey Baby!What are you looking at?"She asked me looking at me with disgust in her eyes.I walked away and went into the car which was just in front of the club.I settled Alexa in the back seat and sat with her.We went back and spent the night trying to calm Alexa down.

The next day Alexa went to her house before my aunt and uncle came.I was in the washroom taking a shower when I heard Saira "Hey Aisha!I am ordering pizza from your phone mines on charge" "Okay!".After a while after getting dressed I came out to see Saira looking at my phone in shock .I came up to her she was looking at the part of Perrie and that guy.I had totally forgot about it with the Alexa problem I couldn't remember a thing ."I am sorry Saira with the Alexa problem I couldn't tell you!" "It is okay!But we have to tell the press!" "We can't!I think we should send this to Zayn himself first we should let him decide what he wants to do!" "Do you have the address?" "Yeah!Alexa is a directioner she told me to send a package once to his house in Bradford.I still have the address!" .We burned the specific part of the video on a CD and mailed it to the address.I hope we did the right thing.

End Of Flash Back

Let's just hope that I never have to face anyone nor Perrie or Zayn otherwise I will die of guilt even if I have done the right thing.But still I feel sorry for Zayn he really loved Perrie he even left the band for her and this is what he get's in return.
Winter Holland lay on her bed sprawled over the messy white sheets of her unmade bed. Her computer in front of her as she scrolled down the websites that she didn't seem to be too interested in at the moment. But that changed when she stumbled upon a website by the site "Writers" she clicked on the light blue link. Then popped up a website that the layout seemed to look like a piece of college ruledNote book paper. The website required her email and such the usual that you would per say. USERNAME: WTF-WINTERPassword: 272847291As her computer loaded the up coming screen Winter layer in her bed thinking of the day that was ahead of her. It wouldn't be exciting at all it would be quite average actually. That was what Winter was anyways Average. She had nothing to do, her mother was there for her but they never clicked like a mother and daughter should. Since she was always trying to balance a new live life along with her daughter. The past 7 months her month had what it seemed like 5 boyfriends all unsuccessful. She was now on the sixth one. Her father in the other side still stayed in the same house as them even though how awkward it could get between the family. Her father was no alcoholic he was no abuser. He actually tried to be a good husband and a good father but it was as if he just didn't fit the roll. Every time he had attempted to be a "dad" it never really ended well. He was more of the crazy uncle than the dad. Winter's social status didn't help her either. She hung out by the farthest window sitting in the floor to eat lunch all by her lonesome. She was pretty sure no one even knew she existed. She did have a thing for books too. With her large glasses that framed her eyes and her hair always pulled out away from her face. She was the classic nerd. Winter wasn't the best writer but she could keep up a story or too. As she scrolled through the hundreds of book titles that popped up on the screen. Skipping through the ones that she wasn't interested in, and stopping once and a while to read a book. Her eyes grew tired as they began to shut she had been at this "writers" website for about three hours already.
The following day was another day of school for the young teenaged girl. Pulling on her back pack she got in the car with her mother. This was a rare occasion that her mom would be able to take her to school. She would usefully be with her current boyfriend from the night before but that wasn't the case today. Even if this was the one day that they actually got to be this close to each other. No words were spoken. Even the tiniest mumble was never heard fromEither of them. As the car circled into the school parking lot, Winter opened the door to let herself free from the awkwardness that was kept inside the mini van.
The halls of the school were crowded like usual, the typically couple literally trying to have sex against the lockers without anyone noticing what they were actually doing. Her eyes glanced at the girl with reddish blonde hair sitting on the school steps with her friends. Olly Simon. Winter had to attempt she was beautiful. Every boy had a secret crush on her even though yeah she wasn't the popular or the best at everything. They all just seemed to love her. But she managed to not get sucked in by the popular crowd and she just stayed in her spot. She stayed in her little group of friends. That Winter couldn't even fit in with.
Authors note Please ReadHello everyone it's Delilah and Welcome to my new story!! Internet friends. I had this idea for this story and really wanted to make it a story so yeah here it is now. I've made an updating schedule for this and my story Notes which is in my bio!! So go check it out. This story will be updated on Saturdays and Wednesday's.
"Hansel!" I called running down the forest to our house. I marched inside the house looking for Hiccup around, but he's not here.
"Hansel!" I called again running out of the house and to the deep forest. My feet were stomping on the forest floor, making loud thumps because of my leather boots. "Hansel!"
Suddenly, something pounced on me making me roll on the forest floor. I hear chuckling of a familiar voice. I look up and saw a pair of emerald green eyes, with a very charming smile.
Suddenly, his lips was pressed on mine, giving me a short soft kiss. "Miss me?" He asked. I roll my eyes pushing him off me.
"No silly." I hissed. "Were being called by the Mayor, we got mail." I replied brushing my sleeve. "What mail?" Hiccup asked as he ruffles his hair, removing the dost off.
"We got invitation from a village, witches are reigning again." I replied. Hiccup and I started walking back our way to the village of Augsburg. "Well, I gotta go get the team ready." Hiccup said. "Go, I'll prepare the weapons and stuff we need for the trail." I said running my way to our house.
We decided to live in our old house, we don't want to live with the mayor and his flirty daughters, well we don't want to bother them, so we decided to live here instead, we fixed it and made it even stronger.
I went inside to our old bedroom, where we sleep and keep our weapons. I went to my bed and open the trunk where my guns, and blade weapons are hidden. And I get Hiccup's weapons and some of his clothes.
I place them in separate bags, I searched through the cabinets to find some things we can use. I saw a the amulets that Hiccup and I had been wearing for years. I quickly grab it from its place and wore my sapphire colored one and placed it in my pocket. When I'm ready I swung the two bags over my shoulders and ran out of the house, locking the door and ran my way to the village.
-------------------------------------
My name, is Gretel...
And this is my story, the story about my life, from the past, to future.
_______________________________
Hello awesome hunters!
This is the sequel of the first book, sorry if its just short, this is just the beginning. And more chapters are coming that will thrill you. I hope.
So, I'll go ahead, and start thinking for more ideas on this book.
Bye!
RossHi I'm ross lynch I have blonde hair hazel eyes I'm 12 years old and I have 4 brothers and a  sister and there best friend is Ellington no one in my family likes me and at school no one talks to me so i cut to get all the pain out sometimes I think about killing myself to just end it all and be free but sometimes I just say I want to run away but I don't have enough just yet right now I'm at 300 dollars my goal is 2000 just so I can have enough food money I don't eat at all at home and school so you could say I'm going to die of starvation so I glance at my clock and realize I have to go to sleep.
JasmineHi I'm jasmine I have Brown hair I'm 12years old and I have blue eyes I have one brother and 5 sister's and my family hates me so does their best friend Maya so I cut and burn my wrists to get the pain out sometimes I think about running away or at least killing myself but I think that Might just die from starvation because I don't eat at all so I glanced at my pink clock and realize I have to go to sleep.
Hi guys this is my first official STORY so if you see any thing wrong comment on them and like this story.btw r5 is not famous but fifth harmony is.
: michael never really thought about having friends. he usually scared them off by screaming at the voices at his head or staring at a wall for an hour. everyone usually ignored him. :: luke never thought about having friends. when people heard "bipolar" they also heard "anger disorder. danger. do not approach. danger. insane. :: calum never thought about having friends. they always left when he checked his backpack every seven minutes to make sure he didnt drop something or when he would say "my life is not a dream. i am living" everyday at exactly 10:43. :: ashton never thought about having friends. he didnt want them. they always told him guys couldnt have anxiety. it was for girls. or that guys couldnt be anorexic. that was for insecure girls. or that guys couldnt self harm. that was saved for girls. that he should just "man up" and stop being a "fucking pussy." :
// Wednesday 10th June, 11:00pm//

Luke was tired and cold, it'd been a long day, to say the least. Although he was wearing a red flannel over his black shirt, he was still cold. He didn't really care though.
At the moment all he cared about was getting to the bus stop in time to catch the last bus of the day, it'd take him to the end of his road.
Luke found himself darting down a back alley, before legging it across a main road onto the other side where he stood at the opening gates of the park. He sighed knowing he had to go through the park and come out the other side to get to the bus stop.
The park wasn't huge, but, it was dimly light and a hot spot for drunks and druggies, and Luke wasn't prepared for it, if they talked to him, or heckled him. He put his head down and speed-walked, he stuck to the path where most of the lights were, although many were broken or smashed, but at least he could see where he was going.
His pace quickened as the exit to the park came into his sight. If he hadn't of stayed at work that extra half an hour trying to chat up a girl he could have walked the long way around, but no, Luke really wanted that girls number.
"Thank god for that." Luke mumbles under his breath stepping onto the concrete outside of the park. He shoves his hands in his pockets looking at the bus stop, a good twenty feet, from where he's stood.
His eyes stop on a girl. Sat on the wall opposite the bus stop, her legs swinging back and fourth bouncing off the concrete. Luke didn't mind girls, he loved them to be perfectly honest, but he isn't in the mood for conversation right now.
He bounced down onto the seat at the bus stop, opposite the girl sat on the five foot high wall. Her eyes looking him up and down before turning her head away.
Luke studied the girl, the only studying he'd done in a while. She was pale and had a small frame, her blonde hair seemed, tangled, almost. She was wearing black skinny jeans, a rip in one knee, a black shirt and black doc marten boots.  A green parka coming half way down her thighs.
"Do you want one?"
Luke blinked a few times at the sudden words, he looked at the girl who was raising an eyebrow at him and holding a pack of cigarettes out towards him.
"What? No!" He shrieks frowning at her, she retracts her hand shoving the packet back into her pocket.
"You, were staring at me so, I just kinda assumed." The girl shrugged her shoulder, a cigarette between her own lips, moving up and down as she talked. Luke watched her as she pulled a black lighter from her jeans pocket setting the end of the cigarette alight.
"Didn't your parents teach you, staring is rude." The girl huffs at Luke blowing a mouthful of smoke in his direction although is disperses before he can inhale anything.
"They did, they also taught me smoking is wrong." He bites back at her pulling the black ring around his lip in between his teeth. The girl simply smirks at him before taking another drag of the burning stick.
Neither of them bother to continue with the conversation, neither really wanted to continue the conversation, Luke's top priority was just to get home as quickly as possible and sleep.
The girl slipped off the wall landing on her feet, she wiggled her foot about in her boots while she took another few drags of her cigarette, Luke simply watched. She exhaled tilting her head back making the white smoke float up into the black sky. She then threw the little bit of it that was left onto the floor before covering it with her foot.
"The bus is here." She grumbled brushing against Luke's shoulder to get on the bus. Luke simply nods his head.
-
So i got bored while doing some school work the other day and this happened.
I hope you enjoy this, I'm excited for it :P
can we talk about the picture too??
Started 10/6/15

{Everyone wants happiness no one wants pain but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.}
Here I begin my story Different, but Best Friends.This story is completely imaging from the author (story, characters, names and everything) This story is exclusive, you will never find it anywhere else because I am the one who wrote it!Sorry for any grammar or spelling errors!
Teen Fiction
Hope you like this story
Characters:
Lia: She's a 15 year old girl.She's very beautiful and cheerful.She is lovable as well and a lot of girls hope they could have her life as she is rich with a happy family, she gets everything she wants, she's tall and slim. Her skin color is light, She has some freckles on her soft skin. She has a blue eyes and blonde hair, She has one brother called Pilo who is 20 years old.
Pilo:he is Lia's brother, He is reckless in a way, he is handsome and tall. He is 20 years old.
Mina:Lia's mother, She cares about her family a lot, she works as a designer in a factory and from a rich family.
Das: Lia's father, he is an engineer and he has his own business.
Lia's house was so big and wide with long stairs in surrounded by a garden with a swimming pool.
Rayna:She's a 15.5 year old girl, her beauty was very simple and she has a wide brown eyes and a long brown hair, she wasn't tall but not short, She has two brothers, she wasn't a rich girl.
Roger:Rayna's father who is a bad man, he is a very lazy hard man who doesn't love anyone but himself. His selfish made his children hate him.
Sozana:Rayna's mother who was a calm woman but very smart, she was a poor woman. She was beautiful with wide brown eyes and long black hair, she works as a movie Cashier. She spends all the money on her children.
Brixton: Rayna's young brother who was 10 years old. he was a smart boy but he never care about studying.
Jak:Rayna's biggest brother who was 18 years old, He loves playing football. He hates his poor life.
Rayna's flat was small with a poor and old furniture in a way.
Different, But Best Friends:-
By: Roniiaa Cover By: Roniiaa
Everything in this story is made by me who is Roniiaa
Wish you have a good luck and enjoy reading this! Thank you Feel free to leave any comments, suggestions and opinions.
Reader's POV (so very short. Better next chapter!) (play vid)
The sun shone on my s/c thighs, making them sparkle and shimmer. I was happy to finally see sunshine, even though I had once despised the sun with everything I had.
Alluka was at a crafting program. When someone gave me a flyer for a crafting program, (5 to 13,) I thought Alluka would be interested. I was too old anyway.
I had started going to a school in the new city. There were no uniforms, which was amazing, but it was still hard to pick out and outfit. Worse I had to ask Killua to help me pick it out. Surprisingly, he knew about dressing women.
The school's rules were laid-back, and there were no bitches that surrounded my desk and called me l/n-san.
Killua was with Alluka. I had insisted for him to keep an eye on his sister and to leave me at home.
I was enjoying the sunny day... by sitting inside and reading a book called The Master Puppeteer. It was small, which was annoying, but it was cute anyway.
The door suddenly opened, and Alluka slowly stepped inside, a tired look on her face. To my surprise, there was glue all over her. Even in her hair.
Killua walked in shortly after, an embarrassed look on his face. I looked at him, put the book down and spread my arms. Seeing this, he walked over to me and wrapped his arms around my back. From there, he nuzzled into my neck and kissed it. "Hey, babe." He whispered.
"How are you?" I asked. He pulled away and sat on the couch beside me.
"Feeling like crap." He sighed.
I frowned slightly. Then I looked over my shoulder at Alluka. "Alluka, gimme a hug!" I said in a cheerful voice.
She was walking to the bathroom. She didn't turn around to look at me. Instead she said monotonously, "Too much glue. Hug yourself."
I went back into my earlier sitting position, a little bit hurt. Then I turned to Killua, who still looked embarrassed. "What happened?"
"She got into this fight with this boy and she won, but got glue all over her in the process." Killua slowly smiled. "It was freakin hilarious."
I was slightly surprised. Alluka hardly looked like the kind of child who dared to fight someone... and win. Come to think of it, Alluka said something alarming a few weeks ago.
"If I could fight someone, I'd want it to be on my birthday!! Beat someone up on your birthday; you won't need a cake then~!" She had exclaimed so innocently.
I didn't know when Alluka's birthday was, but I knew when Killua's birthday was. I had it written on the calendar. Uhh... somewhere in July, maybe?
I got up off of the couch and walked to the kitchen where the fridge was. The whole floor was made of wood, except for the kitchen floor. That was made of ceramic tiles. I shivered at the cold touch of it.
On the fridge, there were many magnets decorating the silver object, mostly reminders and other crap. The calendar was on the top corner. The current month was July. I looked for my baby's birthday.
I found a small square on the 7th, revealing a scribble with permanent marker. It said, "Killua's B-day!!"
I gasped deeply. It was July 5th!!
I spun on my heels and faced my lover, who was staring at me alarmed. "You didn't remind me of your birthday, you son of a bulldog!"
He narrowed his eyes at me. "Calm your huge breasts. I was gonna remind you tomorrow. And I'd like to think of myself as a cat." He got up from the couch and walked over to where I was at the fridge. I felt my cheeks heat up when he leaned closer and closer to my face. He smiled slowly at me. Each second, I could hear a purr rumbling from his throat. "See~?"
"Yeah, I know you can purr like a friggin feline, just... You're a son of a bulldog." I grumbled.
He leaned away from my face, a smile still gracing his lips. "Love you too."
I sighed defeatedly. "Okay, you win... I love you, baby~!" I threw my arms around him. He responded by wrapping his arms around my form and lifting me high into the air. I let out a squeak of surprise.
"Gah! P-put me down, dammit!" I exclaimed.
"Never. I'm gonna keep you in the air forever." He replied simply.
I inwardly sighed in content and defeat. What was I going to do with my half-man, half-kitten boyfriend? Hell, I don't know.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Author note!
Wow, one craphouse of a first chapter!! Shame on me! Well, the next chapter will be better, and we might see a bit more action. Look forward to the music!
Also, please thank my dear friend and editor Gingertheanimecat !!  She helped me start this sequel and it'd be a huge pleasure if you followed her.
Until next chapter/author note!
Yes. I am going to start my drawing book with things I already drew. Whatever. Haters gonna hate. I don't like Taylor Swift.
Anyways. This is Mikasa. She's from a very popular anime and manga called Attack On Titan. I watched these episodes in three days. It's bizarre?! Yes, I am stupid, but people do stupid things, I'm not alone.
I drew this for a friend of mine. *wink, wink*
That ending though........
(KIRIN HIGH SCHOOL)
(KELAS 5-A1)
"Hana!!!...aku ada berita gempak!!!"kedengaran suara rakan baiknya,hyerin dari luar kelas berlari mendapatkan Hana.
'haish..kecoh lah die nie...buat aku terkejut je...nasib tak de heart attack...'gumam Hana dalam hati sambil urut dada.Hyerin pon duduk di tempatnye iaitu di hadapan Hana.
"yang kau ni dah kenape??"Hyerin pandang Hana pelik yang dari tadi mengurut dada.
"kau punya pasal lah...menjerit tetibe tadi..terkejut aku..nasib aku tak de heart attack..kalau aku ade heart attack..mau kau tak de kawan dah macam aku yang comel ni..."bebel Hana membuat kan Hyerin sengih.
"hehehe...sory lah kawan...aku terover excited tadi..hehe...:D"Hyerin sengih.
"haa!!apa yang kau kecoh sangat tadi??"tanya Hana sambil menyambung melihat gambar seseorang di dalam fon nya sejak dari tadi.malas nak melayan kerenah rakan nya.
"hish kau ni dengarlah aku nak cakap ape..!!"kata Hyerin sambil muncungkan mulut apabila Hana seperti tak layan dia.
"hurm....cakap lah ape kau nak cakap.."kata Hana sambil meletak fon dan pandang muka Hyerin.
"kau ni dah angau kan...die tuh bukannya kenal kau pon...yang aku nih kau bukan nak layan pon..."kata Hyerin.
"eleh...buat ape aq layan kau...and suka hati aku lah aku nak angau dengan die ke tak..kau sebok pahal??kau pon sama je dengan aku angau jugak dengan jimin tuh..."kata Hana
"hurm..ye lah whatever....okay ni aku nak bagitahu kau ni..hari ni,ada budak baru nak masuk...guess what??namja...ooohh mesti handsome...aku dengar perempuan2 sekolah ni semue kata die handsome..."kata Hyerin dengan excited bagitahu Hana.
"eerrmmm...buah hati aku lagi handsome..cute pulak tuh..."kata Hana sambil melihat semula gambar seseorang yang di minati tadi.
"lantak kau lah Hana..malas aku nak layan kau nih...kalau aku rembat namja tuh jangan menangis pulak..??"kata Hyerin.
"hurmm....ambil je la...aku setia pada yang satu..walaupon die tak kenal aku...aku berharap suatu hari nanti aku dapat jumpe die....kan v oppa??kata Hyerin sambil tersenyum melihat gambar v bts yang berada di screen fon Hana.
"whatever lah Hana...mimipi lah dapat jumpe die..."kata Hyerin sambil pandang ke depan semula.
"semua duduk tempat masing2...seosangnim datang!!"kata salah seorang pelajar kelas mereka.semua pelajar kelam kabut duduk di tempat masing2 sambil mengeluarkan buku matematik.Hana memasang earphone dan dengar lagu sambil melihat fon nya.
"okay kelas...hari ni kamu ada kawan baharu...taehyung awak boleh perkenalkan diri.."kata cikgu shin hye.
"nae..annyeonghasaeyo...kim taehyung imnida...from seoul...sila beri tunjuk ajar.."kata taehyung sambil menundukkan sikit badannya.semua pelajar perempuan mula berbisik sambil tersenyum memandang taehyung.Hana tak tergerak hati pon nak pandang pelajar baru tersebut dan hanya mendengar lagu 'just one day by bts' sambil memandang keluar tingkap.sesekali memandang wallpaper nya gambar v bts.
"okay taehyung..awak boleh duduk sebelah...........Hana."kata cikgu shin hye.Hyerin yang tersenyum melihat taehyung menunjukkan tempat duduk di belakang nya(sebelah Hana).Taehyung pon bergerak ke tempat duduk nya dan duduk di sebelah Hana.
"hari ni semua cikgu tak masuk kelas sebab ada meeting.....kemungkinan sampai balik...so,cikgu nak kamu buat kerja sendiri dan jangan bising...arasso??"kata cikgu shin hye.semua pelajar kelihatan tersenyum senyum.
"nae..!!"serentak satu kelas menjawab.setelah cikgu shin hye keluar dari kelas,semua pelajar membuat kerja sendiri.Hyerin yang duduk di hadapan Hana pusing ke belakang dan memandang Taehyung.
"hye...Park Hyerin imnida...panggil Hyerin...selamat berkenalan.."kata Hyerin mula kan perbualan sambil menghulurkan tangan ke arah taehyung.taehyung menyambut huluran tersebut.
"hye...Kim Taehyung imnida...call me Taehyung..selamat berkenalan.."kata taehyung sambil senyum.
"maaf kalau saya tanya..muka awak ni familiar lah...macam group boyband yang saya minat...nama die taehyung.orang panggil die v bangtan boys..hah nama awak pon sebijik macam nama die...awak ni v ke??"tanya Hyerin.Taehyung hanya senyum.
"haha...awak memang suke buat lawak ea??tak de lah mungkin muke saya mirip dengan die...dan kebetulan nama kami pon sama..."jawab taehyung sambil senyum.taehyung memandang pompuan yang disebelah die yang sedang mendegar lagu sambil melihat gambar seseorang dalam fon nya.
"woi Hana...ni haa ada namja duduk sebelah kau..haha lepas ni tak kesorangan lah kau..."kata Hyerin sambil memukul lengan Hana sambil sengih.
"hish..kau ni kan sesekali tak kacau hidup aku tak sah kan...tak boleh betul tengok aku bahagia...cuba kau.............."bebelan Hana pada Hyerin terhenti apabila dia terpandang namja yang duduk sebelahnya.*dup dap dup dap...beberapa saat mata Hana dan taehyung bertatapan.*gulp.
"have a nice day Hana~..."kata Hyerin sambil tersengih melihat reaksi Hana apabila melihat taehyung dan pandang depan semula.
'aku bermimpi ke ni...ottokhae!!v bts?!!'kata Hana dalam hati seolah tak percaya.
"annyeonghaseyo....Kim Taehyung imnida...panggil taehyung...."kata taehyung sambil tersenyum dan menghulurkan tangan.
"eeerrr...Min...Min Hana imnida.....panggil Hana."kata Hana gugup.Dengan perlahan huluran tangan taehyung di sambut.
"haha....comel lah awak ni.."kata taehyung tergelak kecil sambil megusap kepala Hana.
'gulp..biar betul dia ni..dah lah muka macam v bts..lepas tu usap kepala aq pulak tu...aduh tolong lah hati berhenti nervous...'kata Hana dalam hati.Hana memandang taehyung dan senyum kembali.kemudian masing2 membuat kerja sendiri.Hana tak henti2 fikir kan pasal taehyung.sesekali melihat fon nya dan sesekali melihat taehyung....Hana jadi keliru dan blur.
so??ini adalah fanfic saya yang pertama....jadi saya harap reader semua enjoy dengan fanfic saya ni.....sorry kalau x best and jgn lupe vote...trimas....:D
Chapter 1
Katies POV
I looked in the hotel bathroom mirror at myself I was getting ready to go to rockin rio for the night with some friends right when I was about to apply more lipstick to my lips I heard my name called coming from the front door of our hotel room and I guessed that was my friend Emily telling me we were leaving. I put the lipstick down grabbed my purse and was out the door.
Sammys POV
My uber driver pulled us into the vip check in area where we got our bracelets I walked into the Vip area with my friends Nate and Kenney and I took in the the amazing view of all the people and the Brazil theme of the festival.
Katies POV
We finally got to rockin rio right as Tove Lo was performing everything was so beautiful and spinning mostly because of the shots I took on the car ride over. We ran to the crowd just in time for Stay High and as people passed drinks and blunts around I felt free and alive as I took shots and hits for a various amount of blunts. As soon as Tove Lo was over I stumbled over to VIP and ran into a boy he helped me up and I was about to walk away but he held my arm and asked me if I was ok I hadn't looked at his face and as soon as I did I wish I hadn't.
Sammys POV
I went downstairs to the bathroom and was heading to the bar to grab a drink when a girl ran into me I smelled the alcohol and weed on her and knew at this moment she was done for the night, but as I took a look at her I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she was. I grabbed her by her arm making sure she didn't fall over and asked her if she was alright as she looked up with her beautiful hazel eyes I couldn't help but stare at her, she crookedly smiled at me and slurred "I'm fine not even that drunk." Which caused me to laugh cause I knew from the looks and smell of it how fucked up she really was. Her friends soon came running as soon as catching sight of her screaming her name and saying thank god we found you I noticed they were a little less drunk so I offered to take care of her while they went and enjoyed the concert. They got a little weird because of the fact that I was a total stranger. But the blonde girls face lit up after a couple seconds of staring at me and said "Oh my god! Aren't you Sammy Wilk! Dude I fuckin love you! Tara he's fine I know who he is. were fine." As soon as she said that Tara just replied with a quick ok and said to call her phone if anything happens, which was dumb cause I didn't have her number. They ran off to the large crowd of fans screaming for Taylor Swift. I took her to a nearby table and ordered her two water bottles. She drank the water and we talked even though her responses were mostly irrelevant and stupid because she was intoxicated I noticed her starting to sober up a lot the more she drank the water. As we sat there and talked I couldn't stop looking at her eyes causing me to randomly blurt out " you have beautiful eyes." As soon as I said that she batted her eyelashes than looked down and mumbled a thank you. I noticed my phone had lit up a couple times and checked it seeing Nate and Kenney have been wondering where I went for the past hour I texted them back about what happened and that I would go up there in a couple minutes right when I sent the text She excused herself to go to the bathroom. As she got up and walked away I couldn't help but stare she had the perfect curves she had a large shaped ass. I realized I never asked her for her name or anything and I'm pretty sure she didn't know mine so that was the first thing I would bring up when she came back. I went on my phone and scrolled through my Twitter some fans tweeting me to go outside VIP who were waiting to meet me I decided to fav the tweet and follow the girl and tell her I would go out in a bit. As I sent the tweet she walked back and sat back down in her seat across from me. She seemed to be sober and when I had the chance I held out my hand and introduced myself and she told me her name was Katie.
Katies POV
Sammy introduced himself to me and I couldn't help but just stare at him as he talked he was so cute I still was a little bit buzzed but not enough to talk nonsense. He looked down at his phone as a text popped up and than asked me if I wanted to go upstairs with him and his friends. I agreed and stood up and followed him toward the stairs the crowd starting getting more crowded so Sammy grabbed my hand to make sure I didn't loose him but as soon as he grabbed my hand I couldn't help but shiver at his touch. We went up the stairs to a less crowded area and to my surprise Sammy didn't let go of my hand. We walked toward a table with a group of people and I recognized them and I looked at Sammy and realized I was holding hands with Sammy Wilk it all hit me I was to drunk to notice but I knew who all these boys were and I instantly felt so stupid for not knowing who he was as soon as he said his name. We sat down at the table with all the boys and they introduced themselves to me even though I already knew their names. We sat there and talked for a while and than Nate ordered a bottle of Smirnoff and poured shots for everyone, at first Sammy gave me a weird look knowing I had just sobered up but I squeezed his hand and smiled at him and he just shrugged and started downing the shots. After a while of taking shots and getting super tipsy again Sammy got up and grabbed my hand leading us toward the dance floor, as soon as we reached the dance floor the shots hit me like a truck and all I wanted to do was dance I turned around and starting to grind Sammy and he soon noticed what I was doing and grabbed my hips taking control. I turned around and wrapped my arms around his neck and danced against him. For some reason I just wanted to kiss him and with how drunk I was I instantly grabbed his face and smashed my lips to his, as our lips touched I felt like everything around us stopped even the music. We stood there kissing and he kissed down my neck. Than back to my lips he licked my bottom lip asking for entry but I denied it causing him to groan and so he bit my lips causing me to let out a gasp and as soon as I opened my mouth he let his tongue dance with mine as soon as we stopped kissing I nuzzled my head into his shoulder and we just stood there in the middle of the dancing bodies embracing each other. We walked out of the crowd and I checked my phone and noticed Tara had called me a couple times along with Emily I was guessing Sammy saw the texts and said "why don't you just come over to where I'm staying for the night and I'll take you home tomorrow." I agreed at this even though me and Sammy had just met and we were going so fast with everything, but I didn't expect anything to happen out of this I was guessing we would just have sex than that would be it. Tara texted back ok and Sammy grabbed my hand and said we should probably get going the concert is about to end and the exits are gonna be very crowded. We all walked toward the exit and as soon as we were out of VIP and walking toward the exit a swarm of girls starting calling out the boys names Sammy walked toward them his hand still in mine and took some quick selfies with them some of the fans started to notice that our hands were intertwined and whispered things to each other I kinda just looked down at my heels as they whispered and Sammy finally finished and told them we had to go and I heard one of the girls mutter slut under her breath but I just shook it off and walked to the uber with Sammy and the boys.
Krystal POV

"Sorry I can't come over." I say while  closes the bathroom door.
"Come on. It will be fun." begs my best friend Kellie. She doesn't understand that I hate all kinds of parties.
"Girl u know I hate all kinds of parties."
"I know, but-"
"No buts. I'm not going. Also, there's a horror movie marathon on tonight and I'm not missing that."
"Alright. See u tomorrow."
"Ok. Bye." I hang up before she can say bye because I need a shower.
*30 minutes later*
I put on a gray sweater that says take me to Paris and some white and black plaid shirts with pink tied strings. Also, some cute little bunny slippers. I also put my hair into a sloppy bun. (all of that is in the picture above). I run downstairs and flop on the couch. My TV was already on and put on the channel so........yea. I had this day planned out. I have chips, popcorn, soda, chocolate, gummy bears, ice cream and root beer floats!
*2 hours later*
What the heck was that? Was that a shadow? Then all of a sudden a thing just flies in my window. Oh poo. That thing then blows this purple powder in my face and I fall asleep. The last thing I remember is flying somewhere. Somewhere that I don't know and I don't wanna be.
A/N: Where is Krystal going? Also, this is my first FanFiction . So go easy on me. Tell me what you like and if I should change anything. Bye!
Dear Diary,
I see a lamp. We had a staring contest. Now it's over. They won.
I'll tell you straight-out, without preamble: This is not a work of fiction.
This is not a tale spun solely for the purpose of putting rowdy children to sleep. I am not taking the time to write this down for your amusement; I'm putting pen to paper because I was asked to chronicle my journey, and that's it. Kitt would do it, if not for his hatred of writing; I wouldn't ask Zeo, it'd be too much of a bother for him.
That leaves me.
I'll tell this story in my own way, at my own pace, with as much detail and truth as I can remember; not every little thing will be accurate, and you can blame my foggy mind for that.
Everything is foggy these days, but I suppose that's beside the point.
I should mention that this is not for the faint of heart. Hell, half the time, I can't even handle what happened to us. Be warned, that's all. I won't repeat myself whenever I start a new installment.
Well... all that's left is to begin, then.
Cold.Warm.Blue.Purple.Black...His eyes... I remember it as if it were dream, foggy but clear. I remember him... Eyes would chill the soul. But I feel warm... I would never forget his look, his touch, and his smile. He helped me. I forgot. Who is he?I feel warmth on my hand. My eyes open. Slightly. I see a shadow, a figure, him. My eyes feel heavy. "Hgh. Mmmh. Ngh." I feel a light kiss on my forehead. "Stop teasing me, imagination!", I think " ... I can't... not now ... no...". I close my eyes.
I wake up in the forest. "How?" Not remembering. "Why?" Someone's there. "Who?" I REMEMBER!!!!!!!When I gain consciousness, I see a man in front of me. Back to me... Sitting patiently, legs folded. I remember him from the war. He saved my life. But why? He turns his head. Looking at me... "Oh! Your awake!" That's him! "Trust me. From now on, depend on me. Only me... Please... Please..."A whisper escaped his mouth. His word wrapped me in warmth. He looks cold but he has a warm touch. He put one arm on my cheek and one on my rib... Observed me, then embraced me close. Shuffling sounds came from off-trail, towards us. In his embrace, I was able to not be seen be the enemy forces. "Thank youâ~" I get cut off with a kiss. Not a rough, passionate or small peck, but it was soft, warm and full of love... "Why?" I managed to get the worst word - ever to say - to someone in this situation, out. "I'm... An... Idiot!!!"But why kiss the enemy?Why? Why? Why???? Puzzled!Love...? Nonsense. Maybe..."Sorry..." He whispered, cheeks - a little flushed, eyes - embarrassed and depressed. "So cute!" I thought but I wouldn't dare say that out loud. But again all I got out was the worst thing to say - to someone - in this situation "Why?" "..." He didn't speak. But he looked confused. But then he burst out laughing. "Why?" I say again. I really am an idiot, huh? "Speechless?" He asked me. I nod and tried to hold back the word I hate most. "Why?" "Oops, I almost said it again!"I thought. My head won't stop nodding! I lost control! His warm hands rubbed my cheeks and everything was quiet. My head stopped nodding. He leaned in close and... "STOP!!!" I jumped up. "What are you doing! We just met!" I shouted "..." He looked surprised. "Oh my god! What did I just do!" "Did I hurt him?" I was instantly pulled out of the way, at the sound of shuffling. Another soldier!Soldier 1: " This way!"Soldier 2: " Are you sure you heard someone here, in the middle of the forest?"Soldier 1: " Shut up and keep looking!"Soldier 2: " I give up! Look all you want but you won't find find anything! It's just a dumb animal!"Soldier 1: " Fine! We'll go but you'll regret this!"They leave. "Safe!" I sigh. Wait I just realized what position we're in. I was sitting on his lap...face-to-face...our lips inches from each other...him holding me tight. I look in his eyes...he looks in mine. I see myself blushing... "I'm going to kiss you." He whispered while leaning close. I couldn't move, I felt comfortable and safe in his arms. I didn't resist. "Why?" Aargh! I said it again. I blushed. HARD!!! I'm burning up. I felt faint. A whisper leaves my lips " Help." Our lips touch my, eyes close but don't open.Everything goes black...I feel warm...I feel safe...I feel a hand on mine... "Warm." I whisper unconsciously.A kiss on my forehead?!...Tears run down my cheeks...Are they mine?No...Who's are they?Don't know.
-Ei Jackie.. - o insuportável do Styles me chama durante a aula de hístoria mas eu ignoro- Jackie.. -diz ainda sussurrando para que o professor não o escutasse.. - Jackeline responde !! - o idiota sussurra/grita e eu paro de copiar a matéria e viro para trás ..
-você quer calar a porcaria da sua boca nojenta e deixar eu copiar a matéria em paz? -disse olhando seria pro Harry Gigante Styles.. - E desde quando eu te dei confiança pra me chamar de "Jackie" meu nome é Jackeline!!
-Para de ser chata sua chata ..- diz o poste cabeludo - só queria pedir pra pegar meu lápis que cai perto de você..
-Você.. Me atrapalhou.. Por causa.. DE UM LÁPIS- meio que grito a ultima parte..
-Para de lenga-lenga, sua sem educação, eu nem queria ter tido que olhar pra essa sua cara de mula, só quero meu lápis ...-o poste peludo diz gritando também ..
-Não me chame de cara de mu- ia começar a gritar quando Fábio, o nosso professor de História me interrompe ..
-Ahanm- Posso saber o que a senhorita está fazendo senhorita Horan? - O poste da uma risadinha - Não ria senhor Styles, vi que também estava gritando com a renhorita Horan.. -Harry abaixou a cabeça
-Professor eu.. Eu - gaguejei , mas quando eu ia dizer que tudo era culpa da girafa atrás de mim o professor Fábio me interrompe novamente..
-Você nada, -diz num tom rude- Styles, você e a senhorita Horan , vão até o gabinete do diretor..
-Sim senhor, -abaixei a cabeça , peguei no meu caderno que cujo a capa eram as relíquias da morte de Harry Potter, minha saga favorita , peguei no meu estojo , aguardei-o na mochila e fui sem encarar ninguém , somente minha melhor amiga Marina, que me encarava aflita.
-Isso é tudo culpa sua , sua geek'zinha estressada- resmungou Styles atrás de mim ..
-Vai a merda Harry.. -dei o dedo do meio pra ele e entrei no gabinete.
Me sentei no banco e Harry se sentou ao meu lado o mais afastado possível. O atoa ficou me encarando e eu o olhei resmungando :
-Que foi ? Perdeu o cu na minha cara ?
Ele bufou e encarou o chão..
-Ora ora ora.. Já é a 2° vez essa semana Styles.. -Disse Simon, o Diretor da nossa escola de música e teatro.. - Horan? -me encarou confuso e olhei para o chão encarando meus tênis .. -essa é nova - se sentou em sua cadeira..-Podem me contar ..
Começamos a falar os dois ao mesmo tempo de maneira diferentes e foi uma coisa inaudível ...
Depois, o Diretor gritou silêncio e cada um contou sua versão da história, ele decidiu que os dois éramos culpados e iríamos ter que ficar para ajudar a Sra.Jade, nossa bibliotecária a arrumar os livros depois da aula
O sinal tocou e eu sai do gabinete sem olhar pro Harry, deixei minhas coisas na sala de aula e fui me encontrar com Marina..
-Ei Jackie.. - olhou pra mim e sentei ao lado dela - como foi? -perguntou a Loira me encarando com seus olhos azuis..
Expliquei tudo a ela inclusive a parte do "perdeu o cu na minha cara" e ela riu muito alto o que me fez encolher na cadeira ..
Comi um sanduíche e bebi um suco , logo o sinal toca o vou para a aula de química, uma das minhas favoritas , mas infelizmente o poste peludo também tem essa aula comigo.. Fui para o laboratório e me sentei na mesa do fundo, sozinha por que minha linda amiga Marina, está tendo nesse momento, aula de francês ..
Depois de todos entrarem na sala , o professor manda nós fazermos dupla, pois vamos fazer um tipo experiência ..
Fico sozinha como sempre..
-Pf.. Desculpa professor .. Me atrasei.. - O gay do Styles entra na sala quase correndo..
-Estou vendo senhor Styles.. Hm.. Faça dupla com a senhorita Horan - levantei a cabeça assustada.. Ah sério? Já vou ser obrigada a ficar com ele depois da aula ..
-Ah não profes- ele me cortou..
-Silêncio senhorita Horan!
Harry foi até mim e se sentou do meu lado..
-Que livro é esse? - pergunta olhando para "instrumentos mortais - cidade dos ossos" e logo pegando o mesmo
-Tira a mão do meu livro seu poste peludo..- puxo o livro da mão dele e ele começa a anotar algo no caderno mas olha pro papel e pro cilindro de plástico onde está a experiência confuso ..
-Chata - disse tentando entender o que era tudo o que nós estávamos estudando..
-Vocês aí.. - repreendeu o professor de química .. - silêncio ..
Fiz praticamente o trabalho todo sozinha e quando o sinal bateu, peguei minhas coisas e fui me despedir da Marina para depois ir para a biblioteca..
-Me encontra na pista de skate as 16:00 hrs ?! - diz minha melhor amiga e assinto, parece que o traste ouviu por que assim que chegamos a biblioteca ele perguntou :
-Anda de skate? - colocou a mochila no chão depois de mim..
-Não te interessa - respondi indo para perto das prateleiras..
-Por onde começamos ? Disse indo para perto de mim e olhando pro carrinho cheio de livros ..
-Você querido Styles.. - empurrei um dos livros do carrinho contra seu peito .. - vai organizar essas estantes.. Enquanto eu.. Vou verificar para ver se todos os livros que foram pegos, foram devolvidos em seus prazos corretos.. - fui andando até o computador mas ele me segue ..
- Que?? - ele diz e eu me sento na cadeira giratória o encarando - Você fica aí no bem bom e eu fico organizando estantes? É só pesquisar nos arquivos, seu trabalho é muito mais fácil..
-Como você é gay.. - voltei a olhar pro computador..
-Para de falar bobagens.. Ainda não acho justo.. -resmungou
- Quer trocar bebe' zinho ? - olhei pra ele e fiz beicinho ..
-Quero - Falou e eu me levantei da cadeira..
Ah coitado, se ele soubesse que tem mais mil livros e que não é tão fácil como parece..
Terminei meu trabalho em meia hora e fui ver se o poste ambulante tinha dado algum progresso ..
-Quer ajuda Harry'zinho ?
-Jackeline.. MAS QUE PORRA É ESSA?.. TEM QUE OLHAR EM TODAS AS TURMAS, NOME POR NOME , PRATELEIRA POR PRATELEIRA , É MUITO CONFUSO ..SOCORRO ...
-Há, pra aprender a parar de reclamar de boca cheia ..
Ele bufa e volta a pesquisar..
-Tchau poste.. Boa sorte - ironizei a ultima frase fui embora ..
Eram 15:40 , passei em casa que estava vazia, deixei minhas coisas lá, ( menos o skate óbvio ) e fui para pista encontrar Marina..
Não muito tempo depois, chego lá e ficamos andando de skate até umas 18:00 horas, depois ficamos observando os garotos Andarem na pista, até que avisto meu irmão Niall chegar com Liam, meu melhor amigo , e Zayn .. Meu amigo também.. Assim que Zayn chega, vejo Marina ficar toda vermelha..
-Olha, eu vou lá comprimento-los .. Se você quiser ir falar com o Zayn eu..- fui interrompida pela loira.
-Cala-boca, vai logo lá ..
Ri e fui em direção a eles..
-DADDY!! - gritei pulando nos braços do meu melhor amigo ..
-Oi Queen ..- disse ainda abraçado a mim.. Pude ouvir seu sorriso
-Zayn! Quanto tempo rapaz.. Fez tatuagens novas? ..- brinquei com o moreno o abraçando também ..
-Não Jackie Sparrow, não fiz tatuagens novas - brincou Zayn com meu nome e nós rimos
Ele retribuiu o abraço e me deu um beijo no topo da cabeça..
-E eu? - meu irmão questiona brincando quando me solto dos braços de Zayn..
-Eu ia chegar lá idiota.. - brinquei dando um abraço no meu irmão que eu não via desde o feriado, pois ele tinha ido junto com Zayn para a casa de praia do Liam..
-Nini.. - Chegou Rebecca, a namorada do meu irmão - AAH Nini - chegou beijando Niall , e literalmente, o arrancou do meu abraço , ele se assustou mas logo cedeu .. Eca.. -.-' - Que saudades !!
-Eu também tive Rebecca.. - diz abraçando a namorada dando outro beijo nela , ele queria ficar só nos selinhos, mas Rebecca queria mais... Eu em..
-Ew.. Se comam em outro lugar por favor..
Aí eu vou poupar os detalhes , basicamente , Rebecca saiu reclamando e blá blá blá , Niall queria defender nos duas ao mesmo tempo, só que não dava, eu dizendo "não me importo ." "Entra por um ouvido e sai pelo outro" .. "Não ligo" "to nem aí" "você que não tem que mostrar pornografias no meio da pista de skate e blá blá blá " enquanto ela pedia pra Niall defendê-la, mas ele ficava sem fala.. Aquele gay.. Sabia que eu estava certa.. Mas Rebecca ficou toda estressadinha e foi embora no seu carro super chique..
Dei de ombros e voltei para o lado de Marina , Liam ficou ao meu lado e cumprimentou Máh..
Ficamos vendo os meninos de skate até escurecer..
Happy UnBirthday to You! :D
As I lay in the dark,My phone goes off and the screen lights up.I grab my phone from my night table and slide to unlock it.1 message from blocked number.I think of who it could be,It could only be one person because I've only blocked one person.Zayn Malik.I slide the number and read his text.
|I love you so much,Meredith White. Xx ZaynNumbly and irritated I type back my reply.|I hate you so much,Zayn Malik. Cx Meredith.
Zara's POV:
My name is Zara Anderson and I had a very unfortunate day yesterday. You see it all started when I told my parents something that made them furious with me. Here's what happened:
I walked through the kitchen into the living room in a hurry as my mother; Mrs Anderson was not only confused but angry "Zara I can't believe you would do this! To our family! What are people going to think! You're at school and not to mention your career is over and your only sixteen!"
"Your mothers right Zara, what on earth were you thinking!?" My dad; Mr Anderson said with a clipped tone. He was standing next to my mother holding her hand, trying to calm her down so he would as well. But nothing I said would calm them down so all I could say as to not further upset them and freak them out was
"I'm really sorry but it was an accident, you don't understand"
"Well you know what I've had enough! Your father and I are going to go and get this boy and tell his parents everything!" After my mother said this she started getting her things ready and grabbed my dad's hand to lead him out the door.
"What no! You can't!" I said while jumping In front of the door. "It's 10pm they could be sleeping"
"It doesn't matter now move! I'm so disappointed in you!"My mother yelled at me whilst pushing me out the way. I ended up falling to the ground as they got out the door. They didn't know the truth of what really has happened so I still tried to stop them from getting on their car which was parked across the street. It wasn't parked in our driveway because there was still work to be done from just moving in 7 months ago.
My mother and father were almost in the car which was when I decided to cross the road. As I crossed the road I felt the impact of metal hit my body sharply and quickly. Once I had rolled completely over the car, I landed solidly on the ground with a thud leaving a pool of blood around me. The car soon sped off and the driver was unknown to everyone.
Whilst I was laying their my mother screamed for help and my dad sat next to me holding my hand and saying "don't worry your going to live"A second later I died.
********The news of my death spread like wild fire. Once my body was taken away in an ambulance and the police had talked to neighbours who were possible witnesses, my four best friends gathered together holding each other's hands forming a circle. They each made a prayer contains what they all loved about me. It sounded like this;
"Zara Anderson, was loyal, kind and generous. She never deserved this and we will always remember her not for her death but for who she was as a person" They said this with such meaning and thoughtfulness, and I am eternally grateful to them.
As I watched each of them walk to their homes I thought about of all the things I would say about them if they had just died.
Lucia Garcia, a true artist. She was the friend who loved art and drawing clothes for which she wished to make. Sadly for Lucia she had old traditional parents who valued intelligence and not art. This being said her mother wasn't very intelligent herself. I would also mention that Lucia had a beautiful colour of hair; auburn is what she told us to call it. I liked calling it auburn because it reminded me of autumn with the golden orange coloured leaves which were similar to her hair colour. Unfortunately the kids at school were not so keen on calling it auburn so they called it "ginger" which made Lucia upset because she therefore got picked on for calling it something unusual and the way the kids said it was so awful like it was a disease.Even when Lucia told her parents about the kids at school thy firstly blamed her for not wanting to call it ginger and the second time she told them thy phoned the school which made matters even worse. Lucia was also an only child so she was always calling us to see if we were available to talk to about her parents and troubles. Due to the comments on the hair Lucia found herself being uncomfortable around boys and was never able to even talk to them without thinking that they were picking on her. Even though she had all this bad stuff to deal with she still was an amazing friend who would never be able to be replaced.
Clara Martinez was the musical one. Her parents got her to start playing piano after they visited a classical recital at the opera house. Clara had a beautiful colour of brown hair which she named "poo brown" which made us all laugh every time. Clara was the type of girl who felt like she didn't need a boyfriend as she felt they wouldn't make her independent and they would distract her from her school studies. Although she never felt the need for a boys attention we all knew that she dieted a lot as she always felt self conscious of her weight which was frightening for us. Her sister; Olivia was two yet older than her and they were always up to mischief even though they could be very innocent at times.
Natalia Jackson was the sporty one of the group. Anytime you looked out your window around 7am you would see her running around the block before she got ready for school. Natalia had dark blonde colour of hair which I guess you called call "bronde". People always pointed out how her darker hair made her bright green eyes stand out like they were emeralds. Natalia was the girl in the whom had the most siblings. She had a sister; Sonia and a brother; Daniel. They all got on really well and helped each other cope with the loss of their mother who died a year ago of an unknown cause. Lucky for them though they still ha their dad who seemed great. Natalia may have been lovely and polite in front of her dad but when she was with us she would swear a lot. I also would like to mention that Natalia was the girl in the group excluding myself who had a boyfriend; Sam. He and Natalia had met at school on the first day that Natalia started Mossneuk High School.
Last but certainly not least, there was Adrianna Daniels. She was the fashionista who read Vogue religiously. She and Lucia were always meeting up to talk the latest trends for Lucia to design. Adrianna at school was considered the hot one. She had her dark brown hair and her hazel, chocolate coloured eyes and a perfect size zero figure. Although she was beautiful she never had a boyfriend. She couldn't understand why though, but the other girls and I could. You see Adrianna was the type of girl that boys assumed was pretty but dum and completely full of herself, so therefore boys couldn't put up with her as she intimidated them a little and kind of annoyed them with her overly confident attitude. Adrianna never grew up with a father either. Her mum told her that when she was a baby her dad went off to work in Germany and never returned. Unlike Lucia Adrianna felt like she was blessed to have no siblings as she considered them pests that would take away her thunder. We all over her though as she taught us things like how to wear the right make up for our skin tone and what shoes go with the best outfit and even though she seemed like that pretty girl you knew at high school who wasn't intelligent, Adrianna would help us with our maths homework.
*********The next day my friends went to school together like normal, except there was nothing normal about it. Everyone knew about my death as it was on the news so everyone kept staring and teachers were constantly asking if my friends were okay. They would say they were pushing through an that they wanted to be strong. Neither of them had shed a tear either as they knew if they started they wouldn't be able to stop.
When walking through the corridor together, Natalia's boyfriend, Sam walked towards her with a sympathetic smile. Once he had reached her he grabbed her hand and walked her to a quite spot beside the lockers to check if she was okay.
When they faced each other he put both of hands around her waist an pressed his forehead against hers and whispered "hey, are you okay? Do you want to talk about it?"
Natalia stood their and half smiled whilst replying "I'm pushing through the pain. I already miss her you know? I mean I know we were only friends for like 7 months but she was like one my best friends that I made here when I first moved." After saying this she nearly started to cry.
"Hey, don't get upset. Whoever killed her is going to get caught and they're going to pay for it in jail. Meanwhile you have your other best friends who will be able to help you as well as me, as they know what you are going through. Common lets get you to your class" Sam said then kissing her forehead before talking one of her hands and leading her to P.E.
"I know it's never going to be the 'five a's again though" Natalia said while sulking.
"I know" Sam sighed whilst placing his arm over her shoulder and whispering again into her ear "I know".
**********Adrianna was walking to class when her phone went off. She took it out of her pocket and read "sweetie I'll b home L8 tonight, but there's some salad in the fridge that u can set up 4 ur self. oh and Zara's parents want u & the girls 2 go over 2 their house 2 talk about stuff, so go straight after school an tell the girls. Mum x.
"Great, alone again for dinner, thanks mum." she of course didn't say that to her mum though. Instead she replied "okay. We'll b there. x".
While looking at her phone she wasn't looking where she was going and bumped into a familiar looking boy that seemed, (by the welcome package in his hands) to be new at their school.
He looked at her and all she could think was 'wow he's cute". He made that face when you think you recognise someone but you're not sure, so he asked her "hey do I know you?"
"Um I think so. Sorry what's you're name?" She said tilting her head and flicking her hair over her shoulder exposing her collarbone.
"Callum Anderson. And you are?" Holding out his hand to her to shake.
Taking his hand in hers and shaking it she replied "Adrianna Daniels. You're Zara's cousin aren't you?"
He smiled at hearing her name and then looked to floor when hearing the other part of her reply."That's a lovely name. Yeah she was my cousin"
"I'm so sorry for your loss. I was actually one of Zara's best friends"
"That's how I recognise you then"
"Anyway are you starting school here?"
"Yeah just started today which is funny. Not funny haha but funny in weird sort of way"
Adrianna was finding herself attracted to him the more he spoke and by the way he was looking at her. She was so mesmerised that she didn't even know what he had just said but head the word funny so she stupidly replied "yeah it's hilarious" which could have sounded so hurtful to my cousin.But instead he just laughed as I think he was feeling attracted to her too.
The bell rang which meant they were late for class "What class are you heading to? I think we're late" Callum asked
"Um textiles. What about you?"
"P.E. Better go then." he said whole starting to walk away.
"Wait, Callum are you going to your cousins house tonight? Her parents want to talk to my friends and I, so maybe it's just to talk about gathering her stuff or helping to find out who murdered  her"
"Yeah, I'll see you there, bye Adrianna"He waved
"Bye Callum"
***********Lucia was on her way to art carrying her portfolio work when the text came from Adrianna telling her them that they would be going to Zara's after school. She stopped in her tracks and started to breath deeply. I wave of sickness hit her and she started to feel faint. It was just starting to properly sink in that her friend had died and she couldn't be more upset. Whilst taking a time out a boy stepped in front of her and asked "hey are you alright you seem like you're not feeling well"
The boy was Kieran Ross, Lucia's crush who she was never able to speak to properly.
Damn why did he have to talk to her and see her when she was not feeling her best. Anyway she thought the best thing to do was to politely answer his question.
"I'm fine thanks, it's just my friend just died and I've got to go help her parents tonight with something's."
"Oh that's right, I'm so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine loosing one of my friends" he said while he gave her a sympathetic look.
"Yeah well, thanks for asking. I better get to class."She said then started to head to art.
"Bye Lucia"He shouted while she scurried off.
OMG he know my name!!!! Was the thought going through her mind.
*********While Clara was on her way to music when a boy dropped his guitar right in front of her.
"Hi sorry about this but I'm kind of in a rush" he said
"That's okay, no harm done. Who's your music teacher?" She asked just out of curiosity.
"Mr O'malley. Do you take music?"
"Aww I'm so jealous he's so nice. Yeah I do I play piano and I have Mrs Yale"
"Yikes that's not so good. But the piano I've always wanted to play." he said smiling at Clara.
"Really, well I tutor for free if you want me to tutor you? If you really are interested?" She said raising her shoulders.
"Yeah that be great. I'm Johnny by the way. You are?"
"Clara. So anyway should we exchange phone numbers so we can text for when we are available"
"Yeah sure thing" he said while handing her his phone and her handing her phone over to him, they typed in their own numbers.
"Okay well I'll text you. Bye Johnny"
"Okay great. Bye Clara"
***********My four friends arrived at my house t 4:30pm. They each walked in and said their hellos to the other people there, including my parents and Adrianna said hello to Callum.
My parents stood in front of everyone and said loud and clear "Zara's funeral will be next Tuesday so we would like it if you could all be there."
Lucia raised her hand and said "with all due respect, aren't they still doing an investigation on who was driving that car?"
"Um no we are closing the case. We just want to bury our daughter and forget this ever happened." My mother said while looking at my father.
All my friends looked at each other puzzled at why they wouldn't want to know who killed me. But they did as my parents wished and agreed to going to the funeral and help them get ready for it.
On their way out the door Adrianna invited Callum back to her house for dinner as her mother wasn't in.
"Yeah sure I haven't had my dinner yet anyway".
She also offered to help him with his maths homework.
Lucia thought about Kieran saying her name 'bye Lucia".
Clara texted Johnny to tell him she was available on Wednesdays after school and he texted her back saying "I'm free then too. Maybe see you at school. x"
An Natalia called her boyfriend, Sam to tell him about her suspicions with my parents.
I looked at my friends carrying on with their lives and I couldn't help but wonder; would they find out my secret?"***********End of first chapter. Hope you like it! X
Arthur was sitting on the train. He wasn't given specific information about this world academy or much about where it was, only that it was to brush him up on academics. Personally he found this far fetched and ridiculous but his boss insisted on it due to how much stress he was going through with Russia. "Bollocks" he found himself hissing under his breath as he glanced out the window. After a few minutes the train came to a stop and the sound of feet scuffling in was heard. "HAHA DUDE LOOK HOW COOL IT IS OUTSIDE!" "Oh god" Arthur cringed at the loud American accent the filled the isle and he ducked behind the seat in hopes of not being seen. "I SAW ARTIE DUDE!" "ITS ARTHUR YOU BLOODY PRICK!" Anddddd he gave himself away. Alfred plopped down next to Arthur as he straitens back up in his seat. "Dude I haven't seen you in forever!" He slung an arm around Arthur and leaned up against his face lovingly. "Get off me! You reek of hamburger meat!" He pressed himself against the window glancing at who was behind Alfred. Just his luck. It was the bearded frog. "Bonjour mon ami~" "Repulsive." Arthur turned away despite the fact that Alfred was clinging to him. He didn't mind it at first but after a good 10 minutes of everyone settling down he grew a bit worried of why Alfred refused to u hand him. "America." Arthur finally piped up. "Yeah bro?" "May I inquire to why you are hanging onto me..?" "I haven't seen you in so longgg!" "So you.. Missed me?" "Of coarse Iggy!!" "Please refrain from calling me that." He couldn't help feel his face flush a little at the thought of Alfred missing him. "Ohonhonhon is someone growing flustered~?" Arthur shot a nasty glare at France and proceeded to roll his eyes in distaste. Over the next few hours more countries bordered this 'magical' train and finally made it to the stop in front of the large campus. Though it appeared close it was about a mile walk to get to the entrance. Everyone filed out with their luggage in their hands. "Great."
Once the "student body" made it to the gate a curvy figured woman with red hair and freckles stood with her arms crossed. "ATTENTION" she shrieked. Her voice was obviously Scottish and this earned Arthur a few glances. "So we're in Scotland.." He thought to himself and he groaned knowing he was destined to see his horrid sibling. "YEE ALL WILL BE ROOMING WITH SOME ONE. ILL HAND YEE YER ROOM KEY AND FIND YER PARTNER THAT HAS THE SAME ROOM NUMBER!" She distributed the keys among everyone and everyone shuffled around looking for their roommate. "Dorm... 69" Arthur thought to himself as he glanced around at the other countries (sorry I had to). "HAHA DUDE THIS IS FUNNY 69 HAHAHA" Arthur felt his shoulders droop. He had gotten Alfred. Though he felt an extreme happiness bloom in his stomach he remained as though he was gloomy and upset. "Alfred.." The bloody twat was to hyper to hear Arthur speak. "Alfred-" he spoke up and the American continued to jump and laugh. "ALFRED F. JONES" Not only did that catch the attention of Alfred but the surrounding countries. "Yeah dude?" Arthur held up the key to the dorm and Alfred gasped and grabed Arthur pulling him into a tight hug. "YAY! YES I GOT YOU!" Arthur grew a profound color of red and tried to push the American off much to his effort he failed. "I-I can't breath!" Alfred finally let up his cheeks a rosy pink as a grin painted his face. Arthur had to admit he had grown quite handsome. He opened his mouth to say something but the loud Scottish woman yelled again, "YEE MAY NOW GO TO YER DORMS, DINNER ILL' BE AT 6 O'CLOCK SHARP, DON' BE LATE!" she then grew quiet and walked to the side glancing at Arthur before bowing her head in which he returned the gesture.
After much searching the Pair found their room and Arthur opened the door only to be trampled by Alfred who flew onto the bed. "Aweeee yeah!" Arthur made a huff noise and moved to the left side of the room setting down his things beginning to unpack. "Hey Iggy?" "It's Arthur." "Iggy." "Arthur." "But-" "Its Arthur twat." Arthur glanced at Alfred who was facing him. "Are you happy your my room mate~!?" "It can't be helped so sure why not" "that sounds sarcastic." "It was." Alfred pouted and started unpacking placing a large American flag above his bed in the process. "Oh god, may the queen have mercy on my soul." Arthur muttered to himself as he finished placing the his clothes in the bed side drawers. "This is going to be a long one..." He thought to himself.
PRESENT DAY
"Raise your hand if you were here about two years ago ? ."
I said holding the microphone to my mouth . I looked around the crowd and noticed familiar faces but still there were some which were unknown , probably because they found their mates in this pack . About 87% hands are raised . I smirk and continue with my dramatic speech .
"Did you ever notice that girl with long black hair that used to sit far back in the corner with her head down and barely spoke ? How many times did you bump into her in the hallway and pretend you didn't see her and that she was invisible?
How many times did you see that she was the last girl standing waiting to be picked for the team or group assignment? How many times did you make fun of her for being such a weirdo , nerdy , ugly and fat ?
Or laugh in her face because her mate rejected her in the first five minutes of realizing that him being the future alpha got a pathetic weak girl as his mate and the future Luna ?
Well now you remember that girl , I can tell by the looks On your faces . Now try and Remember how she looked .And now look at me . Is there something familiar. No ?
Well that girl used to be me . But now I've changed as you can probably see and I've been assigned by the PPA ( Pack Protecting Agency) to help you all train and learn how to be a strong pack as you're having rouge problems . I'm pretty sure you've heard of my supernatural hunting name . Does satan's daughter ring a bell ? ."
I look and see fear flash through their eyes and I smile triumphantly , glad to know that they know who I am.
" Good I can tell you do know who I am . Anyways I'm only here for a couple of months and by the time i'm through with you all .
Well let's just say your in for a bumpy ride . Cause Karma's a bitch specially when it comes to bite you in the ass "
Satisfied with my speech I give a final smirk , turn around , run to my bike give a fake sign of salute , Jump on my bike and speed off . Thinking
I'm back bitches and I'm here to stay .
i.
she has a gun in her mouth and it's trained on me. i keep asking her to put on the safety, but she never listens to me. i guess you can say i now have a holey soul, and every time she shoots, she tells me she doesn't mean to hit me but i'm the one who always ends up bleeding.
ii.
MAYBE THIS WAS A SIGN?
I DON'T KNOW I LIKED THE WAY SHE HELD MY HANDS AND HOW HER EYES LOOKED INTO MINE, MOM. I NEVER KNEW THE DEVIL COULD PLAY SO NICE, I NEVER KNEW SHE COULD DIG HER WAY STRAIGHT THROUGH MY HEART.
you always warned me about giving out my hearts for other people, mom. you said, "If you aren't careful enough, you'll give somebody too many pieces of your heart and you will be left with nothing but that empty soul of yours'."
i thought you were lying when you told me this, but you laughed at me and said i was stubborn like dad. i had his name anyway - keith and i looked almost exactly like him. maybe that's why you can't look at me the same way, maybe that's why you stopped talking me after he died.
i try looking for the good in you, but all i see is that empty soul of yours' and it scares the hell outta me, mom.
it scares me i'm turning into you, too.
iii.
dear life,
fuck you.
no, seriously. i try and try and try again to see what this is all meant for. is it meant for me to learn for something in the future? or am i fated to have another terrible thing happen to me time and time again?
i feel like she tore my universe apart and im falling into a black hole. the same feeling i got when dad died.
i still see that gun in her mouth. this time it's an automatic and whenever i see her at school, she makes sure to hit me.
i didn't know things can go so bad until you turn left instead of right.
tell God up there he needs to do some revising on this novel he's writing about me because my life isn't doing so well. i'm not doing so well.
maybe some other time. i'm tired.
-keith
iv.
there are bottles full of
memories that
i've drunk to the bottom
im pretty drunk now
and the world is spinning
full of regrets and lost
oppurtinities
don't be scared for me
im just waiting to black out
from the pain.
v.
IM SORRY I FELL IN LOVE WITH
YOU THAT NIGHT. YOU WERE
SUPPOSE TO FALL FOR SOMEONE
THAT WAS GOING TO TUCK YOU IN AND
HOLD YOU BACK WHEN YOU WANTED TO
FIGHT THUNDERSTORMS AND GRAB
YOUR HAND WHEN THE EARTH STARTED
SHAKING.
I WAS NONE OF THOSE THINGS AND I JUST
WASTED YOUR TIME.
IM SORRY I FELL IN LOVE WITH YOU.
YOU COULD HAVE DONE SO MUCH BETTER.
Thanks for clicking on my story. I really appreciate it. This is my third attemp of writing a werewolf book. I really hope this one will be as good as my other one.
And pleased do not still any and I repeat any of my ideas. My book is copyright so if you do, you'll pay.
:)
All Rights Reserved ©
~~
"This party is so wild," I screamed over the loud music. Today is my Seventeenth birthday. My brother decided we should celebrate by having a huge party. At first I thought that idea was insane. But look where we are now.
"Best party of the year!" Kat my best friend agreed. My name is Caroline Brooks. I'm one of the triplet including Jasper Brooks and Sofia Brooks. Today we celebrated being alive for another year. "I can't believe your mom let you guys have a party."
"Well Jasper is pretty convincing." I shrugged. Kat and I walked into the kitchen to grab a can of soda. No alcohol was involved, my mom would kill us.
All heads turned as bad Boy Isaac Stone walked into the kitchen with a blonde known as Stacie Hall. "No alcohol involved? what a party." Stacie said clearly not liking the idea of no alcohol.
"Then leave, because there isn't and wont be any." Kat snapped. She's always hated Stacie since an incident in Seventh grade. Back then they used to be best friends. It ended horrible. Stacie had spread rumors all over the school saying Kat lost her v-card to a twenty-year-old man.
"Whatever, lets leave Isaac, this so called party sucks!" she air quoted and pulled Isaac away. "I hate that bitch, can't see how Isaac puts up with that whore."
"You know he's only with her because she'll spread her dirty legs for him." I said. Isaac's the fuckboy of our school. "He's a slut she's a slut, a match made in heaven."
Kat laugh stopped and her face turned cherry red. The reason for that is Dylan Alex. She's had this huge crush on him since freshman year. "Hey Dylan." I said casually. Dylan and I are good friends, well actually he's friends with Jasper but still the same thing. He talks to me a lot so I consider him a friend.
"Hey Care-bear, have you seen Jasper?" He asked. Dylan is a good looking guy. He has light brown hair, and blue crystal eyes. "No, probably somewhere sucking Arden's face off, poor girl"
"H-hey Dylan," Kat stuttered. I smiled, she's never said a word to him until now. I've always told her to talk to him but she always chicken out. "Hey, Katherine right?"
"Its Kat, just call me Kat." I winked at her and left. I made my way to the dance floor and danced to the music. Tonight I had on a red strapless knee length dress with black flats, you'll never see me in heels. My long brunette hair was curled and I wore light makeup that brought out my Brown eyes.
I saw my sister and made my way over to her. Sofia and I are totally different. She's all girly I'm not, She's well known, I'm not she's liked by the guys and I'm not. Sofia has light brown hair and dark green eyes while I have brunette hair and brown plain brown eyes. "Hey Sofia."
"Care, oh my gosh you missed the most funniest thing, Luke just puked all over Jasper. It was so hilarious, you should've seen Jasper's face."
"So that's why he's MIA."
"Babe, wanna head to my place?" Levi asked Sofia. "Hm, sure. See Ya later Care."
"Bye, oh and if you do anything I would, use condoms!" she looked back and made a gag face. I chuckled and ran up the stairs to go make fun of Jasper.
I burst threw his door without knocking. "Ew, my eyes, oh god." I ran out and slammed the door. My brother and Arden, his girlfriend, was in there doing things that involved being naked.
I ran straight into a hard chest. I looked up and pulled away. I ran smack into the One and only Isaac Stone. "Mate." he said, eyes turning darker and wrapping his arm around my waist.
"What?" I asked trying the pry his arms off me. "I'm not your friend, now get off me."
His eyes turned even darker if that's possible. "Mine."
"Get away from me Isaac. I'm Not yours you crazy freak."
He pushed my back against the wall and whispered in my ear. "You're mine."
"I-I'm not yours. Back off freak." I tried pushing him off but he didn't budge.
He started kissing up My gaw and I tried squirming away. "Let me go Isaac. I'm not yours. I don't like you and you can't make me."
"I can't?" he asked pulling away. "You can't." I nodded.
"We'll see about that." he said before disappearing into the crowd.
What a freak.
---
New werewolf book yay. Hope you liked.
Vote and share.
5/10/15
"hi, I'm Mimi Starr"
"hey, I'm C Wood"
"you sure don't look like you can take me" he said
"Oh sure I can" I winked
______
A professional porn star, well known for his great body , kinky videos and his inability to love gets paired up with the petite new girl who's his complete opposite.
----
book 2 out of 4 "How to" series
Don't read this!

You heard me, if you want to keep your innocence, I do NOT recommend reading this. It is KaixLloyd.
Be warned.
I was never good at writing this sort of stuff. Anyways, if you made it this far without getting bored and walking away, I guess you deserve to read this. But still!
You have been warned...


(This takes place when they were on the dark island)


"Arg! I hate this!" That was Kai. He was pretty pissed with this whole situation. Lloyd had been coming into his room the past few nights. He insisted that it was because he couldn't sleep, but he never fell asleep anyways.
Right now, they were trying to find something to eat. They were all starving. "Why can't Lloyd just fight his dad and get this over with?" They were all thinking that, but Kai was the only one who said it out loud. "I mean, sure, Garmadon IS his dad, but come on!" Yep, just keep complaining Kai. They eventually collected enough food for all of them, and started the long trek back to camp.

"Hey Lloyd, aren't you gonna eat?" Cole asked him. Lloyd just shook his head, and trudged off to his room.

Kai knocked on his door. "Hey kiddo. Mind if I come in?" Lloyd just curled up tighter on his bed, and grunted. "I'm guessing that's a yes." Kai plopped himself next to Lloyd, and started to rub his back. "Sooo, I guess this must be pretty hard on you, huh?" Lloyd just shook a little. Kai was kinda worried, so he pulled the blanket off. "L-Lloyd..." He was definitely crying, his eyes were red and puffy, and tears were streaming down his cheeks. "Oh Lloyd..." Kai couldn't stand seeing him like this. He pulled Lloyd close, and kissed his forehead. Lloyd tensed up, then hugged Kai back. Then Lloyd whispered real quietly, "I love you..." Kai just smiled to himself, then pulled Lloyd even closer. He felt so bad! There was nothing to make him feel better. Except... "Ya know kid, I know how to cheer you up." Lloyd looked up at Kai. "How?" Kai chuckled to himself. "Just hold still okay?" "Uh, okay..." He pulled off lLloyd's shirt, and smirked. "No wonder you afraid to face your dad. You don't even have presentable abs." Lloyd blushed hard. "Kai, that doesn't even make sense..." "Whatever!" Then he pulled off his own shirt. Lloyd stared, and Kai smirked again. "Heh, like what you see?" "Uh, uhuh." Then he slipped off Lloyd's pants, and Lloyd whimpered a bit. "Kai..." "Shh, don't worry. No one will find us." Then he slipped off his own, then his underwear. Lloyd gasped. "Yeah, I thought you'd do that." He smiled. "You're next." He pulled off Lloyd's. And Lloyd yelped. "Shhh, if you're that loud they'll find us. Now, you have to be quiet, okay?" Lloyd nodded, and Kai crawled on top of him. "K-K-Kai... What are you..."  "Heh, look who's talking." Then it began. (Ugh, why am I writing this?!) He positioned himself at Lloyd's entrance, and went for it. "ahh, Kai!" Kai smirked, and went faster. "Aaahhhh! K-K-Kai! Please!" "What's the matter?" Kai asked between breaths. "You want me to stop?" Lloyd shook his head. "N-no. Just... Ahh! Go faster!" (Oh gosh, I don't know if I can do this. I feel so dirty.) "Okay, but only since you asked." They were both breathing heavily now, and Lloyd was about ready. "Ahhh! Kai!" "L-Lloyd!" They both toppled over onto Lloyd's bed. They just lay there for a while panting. "Well," Kai said, "what did you think? On a scale of one to ten." Lloyd was quiet for a minute. "............nine.... Honestly, I like just being with you better, but that was definitely a close second." "Heh, good... Well, what now?" Lloyd stared off into space. So many things were running through his mind right now. He snuggled up to Kai, and fell asleep.






Whew! Glad that's over!
I tried to tell you, I'm not good at writing this type of stuff! I always feel weird about writing that. Anyways! I hope you didn't hate it, if you did, please DON'T TELL ME!!!!! If you loved it... Well, that's your problem.
Bye!
Dawson// note to self: it's alright to cry; just it's not okay to cry in front of someone. //
"Get your ass down the fucking stairs and to the bus stop. I am not fucking driving you every god damn mother fucking day. Do you hear? Dawson? Dawson!" My mother shouts from the bottom of the stairs. I was in my bedroom, my eyes full of tears, wanting to die right there, but I mustn't make my mother even madder than she already is.
"I'm coming," I whimper. I push myself off of my bed and wipe the tears from my eyes. I head out of my bedroom and towards the stairs. I was already ready for school but I started to remember the past and started overthinking about the future and realized, life fucking sucks. I head down the stairs and my mother stops me in front of her.
"Why are you crying? I didn't raise you as a fucking weak ass person. Stop fucking crying and man-up," she says right in my face, making me want to slap her. No, scream at her. I just wanted her to stop.
"I'm not a fucking weak ass person, everybody cries," I say quietly.
"You're a fucking wimp. You always fucking have been, that's why I hate being seen with you, because you're so god damn stupid and weak and has to cry whenever somebody hurts you. You need to fucking stop all of your crying, you pathetic, weak, little shit." She slaps me across the face. I'm not surprised though, she does abuse my older brother and me. "Now get your ass outside young lady," she says moving out of my way so I can walk past.
Sam// note to self: food is just calories, calories is just fat, and fat makes me unhappy. so stop eating so much god damn food, you fatty. //
I wake to the annoying sound of my alarm clock that lies on my bedside table. I hit the snooze button and roll out of bed. I hate waking up especially because that means I'm not dead. I deserve to die. I should die; I am just a waste of air and space. I need to fucking die already.
I finally get my head cleared, and I head into the kitchen for some breakfast. Once I am in the kitchen I open the refrigerator and look inside. All that's in there is carton of half drunken milk and a bottle of pills that somehow ended up in the refrigerator. I don't remember putting the pills in there but I must've so I don't question it. I don't buy food because I believe food only makes you fatter, and my purpose in life is to die, and or to be skinny. The only way to be skinny is to starve myself. I do occasionally eat, maybe every two days I eat supper but that's mostly it. I just want to be skinny.
I head back into my bedroom and quickly get dressed for school. I'm in grade 11, and I still can't believe that. I'm a fucking idiot who can't focus so I am not surprised if they don't let me graduate. Once I am dressed I head back out into the main part of my apartment. I am wearing a long sleeved shirt, and jeans. I check my phone and my eyes widen. I'm going to miss the bus. I sprint out of my apartment and towards the bus stop. Shit, I hate being late.
Addie// note to self: worrying about everything will make you an ugly person. //
I take my seat at the dinner table surrounded by my family. My parents bring plates full of toast, eggs, bacon, sausages, and even bowls of cereal for all of us. I sit next to my younger brother and my younger sister. My mother hands me at plate of food and I stare at it. Maybe I should eat this; I'll be healthy if I do. No, it'll only make your body and mind feel like shit, don't eat it. What if I eat it and then I get addicted to it, I'll have to get my stomach pumped. I need to stop all of my worrying, I'll just puke my food up at school, yeah, and that's what I'll do.
I begin eating the eggs first; maybe I'll hate it and stop eating. Sadly, all of the food ends up in my stomach. This'll be more difficult to throw up than I'd imagined. I stand from my seat at the table and push my chair in. I grab my plate, fork & knife and carry them into the kitchen. I set them beside the sink that's full of water and walk away silently.
I run upstairs into my bedroom and quickly get changed before my sister's come up. My parents can't afford a house that has a bedroom for each of their kids so my parents share a bedroom, my two brothers share a bedroom and then my two sisters and I have to share another bedroom. I get changed into some baggy clothes so no one suspects I have an eating disorder of some sort. Sweatpants and oversized hoodies are what I have to wear so nobody will notice and start freaking out. What if everyone already knows I have an eating disorder? I'll be laughed at in school if I tell one person because I don't trust anyone. Everybody spreads the things they hear and if someone spreads the word that I am like this, my life is ruined, it'll be over, just like that.
I head downstairs and avoid speaking or making eye contact with my parents. They usually forget about me but just to make sure I sometimes sneak around. I don't like talking or sharing what I am thinking. I don't like being complimented or lied to. I sit at the back of the class, nobody knows my name, and nobody tries to talk to me because they know I won't answer. The teacher doesn't call on me because they know I won't answer either, I just sit there and notice everything everybody else does, which is scary since they have no idea I can see that but you'd be surprised. I once saw someone dealing a nerd some weed while the teacher was teaching. I am surprised the teacher continued teaching since the nerd accidentally opened the bag and the entire classroom was filled with the scent of weed. I once saw a girl who was also quiet cut open her wrist in the middle of class. I never mentioned anything to anyone because I knew she was ashamed of it, and I doubt bringing it up would help. Plus I fucking hate talking.
I walk outside and stand at the bus stop. The weather is quite chilly but I can tell it's going to be a really hot fay once the sun has risen.
Nate// note to self: life isn't for everyone. //
I roll onto my stomach on my bed. I am still a bit tired but I am awake to think about what I am about to do. I lower my face onto the pillow and begin to stop breathing. I can feel my lungs burning after moments of lying there waiting for death to approach. Until I hear a fucking knock on my door.
"Nate, get your fucking shit ass out here now, you're going to be late for the fucking bus that I pay damn good money for, so hurry your shitty ass up," I heat my father shout through my door.
I lift my head up and take a deep breathe. "Okay, okay, I'm coming," I shut my eyes and sigh. I just want to fucking succeed at suicide. I've attempted more times than my heart beats. Well, probably not that many times but so fucking close.
I stand up beside my bed and walk over to my closet. I slip on a pair of jeans and a navy blue t-shirt. I wonder when I'll finally die. I can't wait much longer. I walk over to my window and I open the curtains to see a gorgeous teenage girl who seems to be around my age standing by her window. My house and the next door neighbour's house are somewhat close and my bedroom window in just across from that family's daughter's bedroom window. I've never spoken to her; I don't even know her name. But she's so pretty and skinny and perfect, I wish I at least knew her name. Oh shit, I better not of developed a crush because that's exactly what'll stop me from killing myself.
I continue on with my day and head into the kitchen. I grab a piece of toast and eat it on the way out the door. I am probably going to be late for the bus, but whatever I don't really care. I head outside and I just remembered I forgot my homework inside. Oh well, I'm not going back to get it, it'll have to wait.
Eve// note to self: tests are stupid, don't get stressed over them, the world won't end just because you failed one little test. //
I sit next to my grandmother who is in her rocking chair next to the fireplace. She seems calm and sleepy. Her eyes are fluttering open and then closed, unable to either fall asleep or stay awake. I lie on the couch beside her with my head leaned against the armrest and my body covered in a blanket she knitted for me when I was just a child. She looks so peaceful; I wish I was like her. Instead I'm me . . . fucking me. I'm the one who worries about her grades. And I can't take a fucking test without feeling my anxiety creeping up on me. I wish I didn't suffer with anxiety.
"Why don't you get ready for school my dear, we both know you don't want to be late," she speaks softly. Her voice is soothing; it could probably have me fall asleep within minutes. I sit up on the couch.
"Grandmother, would you like your medication before I leave?" I say showing her the smile she always loves. I take care of my grandmother and live with her because she can't afford to live in a retirement home and plus my grandfather passed away. I'm all she has, and she's all I have. My parents threw me out of the house when they found out that I've been failing important tests, it was because of my anxiety, but they didn't care. I was their only child and they kicked me out. Thankfully my grandmother let me stay with her, and I've been taking care of her because she's the only one I care about in this world now.
I put the different kinds of pills she has to take into a small container and hand it to her. She lifts her small hands up and holds the container in her hands. "Thank you, lovely. You're too kind," she smiles.
I grab my backpack off of the couch and toss it over my shoulder. I carry my bag outside with me to the bus stop. I wait for the bus to arrive to drop me off at a place called hell.
// chapter 2 coming soon. //
*Caution* *Swearing and abuse.*
--
The cold breeze ran across my neck. Smell of fresh cut grass filled my nostrils. The slow rhythm in my ears playing the weeks stress away. I felt myself slowly rocking back and forth. The clouds painting a imaginary giraffe for me to picture.
"Honey, ready to come in? Dinners ready." I'm snapped out out of my luxury. I removed my earbuds and turned toward my husband.
I swung my legs over the outdoors chair. I slipped my toes into my sandals following after my husband. I shut the glass door behind me after stepping into the warm kitchen.
"What did you prepare?" I asked. "Roast lamb with balsamic reduction. I know you'll love this Eden. " His voice was fixed. Almost like he'd planned the meal and conversation.
The aroma of the food traveled down to my stomach and decided it was time to eat. I sat myself down across the dark long wooden table. Zachary was fixing my plate at the island near the stove.
Soon after he was done, he came to the table with a bottle of white wine, and my plate. The eating utensils and glasses already on the table.	 He placed the plate in front of me, and kissed me on the forehead. His action made me wince a little.
He walked over to the other side of the table and sat down. "Eden. What is wrong? I've prepared you dinner. Did I do something to displease you?" The annoyance was clear in his voice. But I didn't care. I lifted my head up from the fine china sitting in front of me, losing my appetite. "I appreciate you making dinner this evening Zachary. You haven't done anything. I'm just a little bit stressed." I lied. I lied for what seemed like the 1000th time this week. He put his fork down and scoffed at my response to his questions.
"Stressed? Over what?" I suddenly found myself pouring wine to the rim of my glass.
I tried to think of things that are happening in the family. "I'm concerned about my fathers condition. My mother is getting old enough to the point where she isn't going to be able to work anymore, that means i'm going to have to put her in a home. My little brother is running out of money to pay for his last two years of college. My family is going through a lot and I am not there with them." I tried to sound convincing as possible. Before he continued on I took a big sip of wine.
"This is what has been bothering you? You are ridiculous. I give you everything I have. But yet it still feels like you are asking more from me. Give me an estimate on how much your family will need and I will see what I can do.." He was angry and I was confused.
"I did not ask you for anything. You simply asked a question and I answered." I said plainly. He stared at me, with fire in his eyes. He couldn't have been drunk his words weren't slurred, he was able to move just fine. Why was he getting so mad over nothing?
Zachary stood from the table dropping his fork on his plate. He gave me one last glare and left to the garage. I didn't bother to chase after him. I finished my glass of wine and excused myself from the table too.
~
Mid-way through my reality TV show, my phone rings. I reach into my back pocket, the caller ID reads, "Mother".. I hit the ignore button, too stressed out from earlier events to even bother.
I heard the garage open and the car back in. My heart starting beating a little faster. "You stupid bitch! Just wait until I see you.." I could smell his intoxication from the living room.
I arose from my sitting position and stood from the white recliner, waiting for him to do whatever. His work boots were pounding against the wooden floor paneling.
I felt like a child awaiting their punishment. I backed up against the wall when I made eye contact with him. "You think you can just take take take from me?! Guess what! you gotta nother thing coming" He slurred. He was in my face now.
He took hold of my hair and threw me across the living room. My phone flew out of my pocket. The impact of the floor took the wind out of me. "S-sto" He didn't even let me finish what I was saying before he backhanded me. I couldn't help but cry out. "Oh! You don't like it when someone hurts you huh?!" He yelled over me. "I give you everything! Diamonds! A big house! I don't even make you work! But you say you are stressed! You don't deserve anything. You'll never guess what I found in your closet! Divorce papers?! What you thought I wouldn't find them?"There was a vain disappearing into his brown hair, which made him more horrifying. I just sat there on the ground not letting go of a single tear.
"Nothing to say bitch?"
He gave me four kicks to the stomach. Each one knocking more and more wind out of me. "When I wake up, you better have breakfast ready." With that I heard him stumble up the stairs.
I couldn't stand up, every time id try I would fall back into a ball.
After about ten minutes of wincing. I finally forced myself up off the ground.
I used whatever I could to keep my self up. I was walking with one hand on the wall until I reached the garage. I flinched as I slid into the Audi's seat. I started the car and tried to carefully drive.
I wasn't sure where I was going, I just wanted to get away from here. I found myself passing several open bars at this time at night. So I decided to stop at one.
~
I was on my sixth long island iced tea. Everything was already numb and blur. There was a nice lady sitting next to me. "You doin' okay?" She asked concerned. I chugged down my poison and nodded. I heard her giggle.
"Ya know? whats even the point of politicies...? Its like. Yeah obama is a pretty amazing guy. I would take his numberrr any year. Day? Same thing." I went on. Her soft giggling turned into chuckling. "What about Michelle?" She asked after sipping her drink. "Mi- Who? Mam! I need another one of these, but put extra alcohol and stuff!" I shouted across the bar. Gaining a few looks from some pervy men.
I felt my stomach sink a little bit. My blurry vision, started getting darker and darker with each second that went by. I felt myself leaning back on the bar stool and not being able to sit up right. I saw the stranger I was talking to look at me with concern, before it all went black.
-----
Sorry I know I keep starting new stories. I just cant get one right that I reaaaaaaaaally like. But Lets see how this one goes.
Also sorry is this is boring so far. Its just the beginning give it some time
P.S
I didnt delete any of my stories so if you want me to try to continue them inbox me
LOVE YALL
Books I recently Updated will be listed below:
The wise angel who led the other progressing angels ,slowly suffered from a disease which was known as darkness to her .It was given by the demons ,the devils and the human creatures who created hatred and pain .it was too much for her to endure Without knowing time passing by ,the wise angel passed away as her son was sitting next to her listening to these few dying words "please you m-must ..........find that girl......... in the human world. . . . you will know if you see her eyes....glow light green ....or if she has .......Scarlet hair .....by using my amulet ....youuu ............might find that girl.......and....please...do not worry......... it's time for me to go .......after living for a long time.. . . . . pro....tecting, a..n..d l..o..v.ing you angels". As she said them last few words her voice slowly disappeared and she sadly died.
For at least 1 year her son was depressed after the wise angel dying but as time went on he finally realised that he cannot stay depressed foreverHe has to carry on the LEGACY on which was passed by his own motherSo will he ever find that girl ?Will he be able to find the new fated queen ?
As the Pack got ready to travel to Boston, for PAX East, they also knew that the majority of their fans would be doing the same. One girl in particular, who was travelling all the way from the UK to meet the entire Pack, was organising school work to be sent to her teachers by email, so that she could still be on time with the homework tasks and go to America for 2 weeks.
The girl in particular's name was Caitlin, but her friends called her Cat for short. She was 17 years old and a huge gaming geek, watching anything from Minecraft to Slenderman. And often playing the games as well, just so she knew what the gamers that she watched felt when they played the games.
My friends and I were outside the school talking. We were talking about random stuff. Then after a 10 minute we decided to go inside. When we got inside nobody was there. I just shrugged it off but u will admit it was not normal. - Ok guys we should split up but I'm not in any team I'm going alone ok, I said.- No way, they all said angrily.I just ignored what they said.- Ok Jihane and Ana you're going to be downstairs and Soulef, Laurie and Stasea are going to be upstairs ok, I said.-Ok but where are you going to be? -I'll be upstairs don't worry, I said.We all went were we needed to go. I was in a white hallway, I ran to each classroom to see if they were open. No luck all of them were locked so I went downstairs in the same hallway. When I went downstairs all of the classrooms were open. When I went in one of them, I searched in the drawers. After searching for a bit I found a letter. I opened the letter. When I read it,I screamed to my friends to come. - JIHANE, ANA,SOULEF,LAURIE, STASEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They all ran till they found me. They were all scared because they though something bad happened.- LOOK!!!!!!!!!!! They all looked at the letter and looked at me in shock.
My name is Gabriela Dawson. I'm a Chicago firefighter at house 51 they are my second family.
I was walking into work when my ex Matt walked right into me. I thought he needed some glasses and I told him that. walked into house 51 everybody looked blurry my mind wasn't straight. i started getting sick and the next thing I know I was on my way to Chicago med
Sorry short chapter
~Flashback~
-December 1st- -Miley's POV-
2 AM
I was woken up by hearing a cry from the baby monitor, and Noah was standing in my doorway.
"Will you go make her be quiet? I can hear her from where I'm sleeping." Noah whines.
"You didn't have to come, you know." I snap. "She has a right to cry, she's probably hungry or needs her diaper changed." Then I get up, and go to the nursery. When I got in there, I picked her up and start to rock her in my arms.
"I'm gonna go back to bed." Noah says then walks off.
"What's wrong baby girl? Are you hungry?" Then I sit down and lift my shirt, and old her up to my breast. But she doesn't start sucking, so I put my shirt back down, but she's still crying. "Well you don't stink, so you don't need a diaper change. What's wrong?" I say, rocking her. Then she quiets down. "Oh, you just wanted me." Then I continue to rock her until she's asleep, and when she's asleep, I put her in her crib. Then I went back to bed.
~End of Flashback~
-November 23rd, 2020- -Miley's POV-
"Happy birthday, Destiny Faith, blow out your candles." I say to my daughter, and she blows out her candles in her cake. It was her fifth birthday party. My parents were here, Trace, Brandi, Braison, and Noah were here. Even Patrick. I pull Patrick aside, and whisper to him. "Thanks for coming, it means a lot to her. You are her dad after all."
"No poblem." He whispers back. After I left that message on his phone, he called me back and explained everything. I was still upset, but I learned to forgive him. Nick was still furious with me, even after he told me all that stuff I didn't choose him, so he's out of my life now, and Destiny's.
After we ate cake Destiny opened presents, and she got some toys and clothes. Then everyone just kind of broke into small groups and talked. I was talking to my parents when Patrick pulled me aside.
"What?" I ask.
"Why is it that Destiny can't call me dad?" He asks. "I've been in her life ever since I got out of the hospital, and she hasn't called me dad or daddy once. She's only called me Patrick."
"I don't make her call you Patrick you know. She does that by choice. I guess she's never really seen you as a fatherly figure."
"Well when will she call me dad?"
"Whenever she's ready. Whenever she feels like it's right to call you that.
"Will you talk to her for me?"
"Patrick, I can't force her into doing something she isn't ready for, she has to do it herself."
After I got done talking to Patrick, the party ended shortly after. Everyone left, and it was just Destiny and me.
"Destiny, are you hungry?"
"No."
"Then go inside and play while I clean up the backyard please." Then she goes inside, and I start to clean up the backyard, when I hear a car pull up. I go to the front yard, and I see someone that was not invited to the party. "What do you want now?"
"I just wanted to see her in person."
"Nick, you shouldn't be here. Plus, I thought you didn't want anything to do with us after I chose Patrick."
"I just wanna see her." Then Destiny shows up.
"Destiny, go back inside please."
"Who is that." She says, pointing to Nick.
"Destiny, go inside." I say, pointing to my front door, then she goes back inside. "There, you saw her." I say to Nick.
"She's incredible. She got so big in just five years."
"Yeah yeah, I get it. Her bright blue eyes got brighter and bluer. Her brown hair got longer and more brown. And she still has my face, I get it." I say. "And now you can go."
"Fine. I'll go. Thanks for letting me see her." He says, then leaves. After he's gone, I finish cleaning up the backyard, then go inside to join my daughter.
"Hey." I say, then sit next to her on the floor, by her toys. "School tomorrow, sweetie. Are you excited for more school?" I ask. She was in kindergarten, and she is very smart for her age.
"No. I wanna stay home with you mommy."
"I'm sorry, Destiny. But-"
"Is Nick my daddy?" Destiny says, cutting me off.
"No, where would you get such an idea?" I reply.
"Because he said so."
"What? When? Where?"
"Yesterday at the park he said I was his daughter and even though you and Patrick are kissing and are in love I was his daughter. So is he?"
"No, Destiny."
"Then who is he?"
"A very mean man that doesn't like it when he doesn't get what he wants." I say whilst dialing his number.
"Hello?"
"Really Nick? You followed me to the park where my daughter plays just to tell her something that isn't even true? She has a big enough struggle without you telling her a shit ton of lies! Patrick is her father whether you like it or not." I say, walking into the living room. "I slept with Patrick. Not you, and you need to understand that Patrick is her father! Goodbye Nick." I say, then hang up without letting him defend himself.
"Mommy? Why did you yell?"
"Because Nick is a meanie and doesn't want me to be happy. Patrick is your dad, okay?"
"Okay, thank you mommy." Then she runs off to her room to play. I still cannot believe I had her, even after five years. She looks so perfect.
So here's a little bit about myself..
My name is Marneshay but I liked to be called Shayy because, its easier to say.
I have this addiction with Instagram and Matthew Espinosa.He helped me a lot , I'll explain later in the book.
I live with my mom,brother, and my fish.
I know what you guys are wondering. Where is her dad?
Well my dad lives in Washington state he hopes to move to Cali to stay close to me and me sister.
That brings me to my siblings I have 3 sisters and 2 brothers all my dads kids.
When I was little I had this obsession with Youtubers such as Tyler Oakley and others. My mom always asked me what do I wanna be when I grow up I said a Youtuber. My mom being my mom didn't know what a Youtuber was,but she said okay and gave me an odd look.
Right now I'm 13 still wanting to be a Youtuber. I wanna show people that there is better things in life than judging people by there looks. Also, I wanna show people that you don't have to be perfect for a guy. Don't go out there wear the shortest shorts you can find or the highest crop top ever. I wanna be someone's idol one day and change a persons life.
Follow me on my social media'sιnѕтa//Eѕpιnхѕнayy\\ĸιĸ//ѕнayy.мəndəzz\\ѕc//ѕнayy.мəndəzz\\тwιттər//Eѕpιnхѕнayy\\vιnə//♡espinosaxbruhh♡\\тυмвlr//Neverxlandd\\
SPECIAL THANKS TO wretchednessFor inspiring me to make a rant book go check it out in my reading list
thanks hoe✨
Hi guys my name is Abbie, im 12 and I love writing.Decided to write this after reading so many H.P fanfics. Dont expect it to be good. Aim 3 votes 3 comments. Hope im not asking to much but yeah see you later.
Btw to be with a chance of being mentioned at the end of chapter comment on what you think I should call you
Bbbyyyyeee
She was ready.
Clara Evelyn was willing to give her life in exchange for her people's survival. This was the deal she had to make with the god of life. It was her responsibility, one she was happy to fulfill.
That was until she fell inlove. She realized she might not be ready after all.
_________________________________________

C O M I N G   S O O N

11/06/2015

-Iallia

She lit another cigarette, letting it contaminate her lips. Her black hair hung partially in her face, the rest was pretty short, a little past her ear. Her eyes were fierce as she looked out of the window, not at anything in particular. She sighed and stood up grabbing her jacket, the leather material almost rough from wear. She walked out of her apartment and closed the door behind her. She walked down the staircase of the apartment complex, and pushed the door open and stepped into the cold night air. It bit her face so she silently slipped her jacket on, even though she didnt mind the cold.  The city was loud, even at this time of night and lights were bright enought to know exactly where she was going.
She lit another cigarette, the smoke slowly drifting from her lips and past her figure. Her boots hit the pavement effortlessly. She walked on for some time, thinking of all of the things the night had to offer. She walked for a while, letting the buildings zoom past as she finally got to a part of town that was more secluded and dark. She stopped infront of a large building and went inside. To her left was a staircase but straight ahead was an elevator so she took that instead. Pushing the button she waited impatiently and was completely unaware of the fact that her boot was tap-tap-tapping on the floor. Finally the elevator 'Dinged' so she stepped inside and hit the button for floor seven. The elevator went up quickly making her feel like her stomach dropped, yet she still kept the stoic look on her face. Again, the elevator dinged and she stepped out, pulling a piece of paper from her pocket that read the number '113'. She walked down the hall and noticed the the building was dirty. Parts of the hall were littered with trash and unknown streaks ran down some of the walls. She stopped and turned to her left, looking at the piece of paper again even though she knew that this door had the right number on it. She sighed then in one swift movement she kicked the door. The movement was fast and door swung open. She stepped inside, the silence deafening as she pulled a knife from the casing around her thigh.
"Come out, come out," She started with a smile, "Wherever you are."
Soon she turned the corner into the living room as a single gunshot filled the room. She pulled back and hid on the otherside of the wall, her ears ringing. She felt liquid on her face soon followed by hot pain as she brought her hand to her cheek. Her fingers carefully felt where her cheek was split open from the bullet that caressed her face harshly.
"You make terrible choices," she says, barely peeking around the corner catching a glimpse of two men. One happens to be the exact one she was looking for. She steps around the corner, throwing the knife she was holding into the gunners face. Causing his head to go back and make a sound that would make a normal person sick. She pulls out another knife, and slams it into the man she wants chest. He falls back onto the couch behind him.
Loudly she starts," Well, well. I think its about timefor everyone to give Matheiu and I a couple of moments alone or else, " She twists the knife in Mathieus' chest causing him to cry out, "Your 'Fearsome Leader' might end up going to hell sooner than expected."
Soon men and a few women start to file out of the apartment. She then takes a seat right on Matheius' lap facing him.  She leans back for a moment and retrieves a cigarette from her pocket and lights it, she exhales the smoke into his face slowly, "So, where are they?" she asks.
"Who?" Mathieu replies panting.
She tilts her head to the side and grins, "Best not to hide things from me, Matt."
He swallows, nervous.
She pats the side of his face roughly a few times, "Come on matt, the girls that you're trafficking."
"I d-don't know what you're talkin' about, I-"
She puts a finger to his lips, "Listen Matt, we're going to play a fun little game," She says smiling, removing a small white box from her bah, "I'm not sure how much you'll like it, but I'll have fun!"
"What kinda game?" he asks uneasy.
She pulls the tape off the box, "Just wait for it, I dont want to ruin the surprise," she says, popping the lid off. "But I found these just from walking home. Who knows what kind of diseases are on these." She laughs lightly and pulls out a dirty, rusty razor blade. Matheiu tries to speak but she covers his mouth, "Shh, listen. Here are the rules. You only get one chance to please me. You need to answer my questions to my liking. And if you dont, " she says putting the dirty razor to his skin, "Then this is going to become quite the party. Understand?"
The man moves his head up and down quickly and she slowly removes her hand.
"Okay, see isnt that better?" she asks, "Now, where are the girls?"
"T-they're not here," he says stuttering slightly.
"No way really?" she says sarcasticly, "I know that, Dipshit. What is there location?"
"I d-dont know. I just take the money and-"
"That answer irritates me," she said and with one swift movement she ran the razor blade down his face. She watched as he gasped in surprise and was amused when she seen the angry red line from his forehead to chin start to bleed. She isn't phased, not a bit.
"One more time, the location?" She said sternly.
"If I tell you I'll be killed!" he screamed.
She exhaled more smoke into his face and gave a small smile, "Ill kill you," she whispered and suddenly she was pushing the razor onto the corner of his mouth hard. The skin finally gave way and soon there was a 4 inch gash. His mouth opened to scream, but he was in shock and stayed silent. His back teeth were completely visible. His eyes slowly went back to her face.
"Please," he begged, "Please stop."
"When they begged you to take them home, did you stop?" she asked. Anger flashing in her eyes, "Obviously not or I wouldnt be here." She grabbed the knife in his chest and slowly started to pull.
"Theres an a-abandoned factory a few blocks from here on Fourth. Theyre in the basementm the basement..."
She watched as he started to slump over, "Oh, come on Matt, stay awake, it cant hurt that bad," she says smiling.
She rips the knife from his chest causing him to cry out. She then gets off his lap and pushes him onto the floor.
"W-who are you?" he asks, words slurred.
She rolls him onto his stomach, and soon hes not even fighting anymore. She starts pulling up his shirt, razorblade in hand. Slowly she starts to cut, Matt grunting now and again in pain. Blood spilled constantly, and finally when she reached her finished her hands were soaked. She looks down at the carving of the insect that she was called and leans into the man, whsipering into his ear, "I'm the Wasp."
She then reaches for a phone on a table not far from the couch and flips it open. She dials a number and listens to it ring shortly.
"911 what is your emergency?" The operator said.
"I have found a man who traffics minors, I am in the building with him. His name is Matheiu Palmer, he is in the Cortega Apartments, number 113. He is unconscious and bleeding, you cant miss him. Another thing, there are about 12 men standing outside the door so dont send in any officers alone," She says casually.
"Ma'am, we need you to stay put-"
She hangs up the phone, removing the battery and tosses it to the floor. She takes long strides over to the window and pushes it open. Pausing to remove the knife out of the gunners head and tosses it into her bag. She steps onto the ledge just outside of the window, and swiftly hops to the next window ledge. She continues like this until she reaches a fire escape and runs down the steps quickly. She jumps down and her boots hit the ground hard. She puts her hood on and walks quickly down the street, feeling lucky no one saw her. Soon she sees Police, fire department, and an ambulance speeding toward the scene and can't help but smile to herself. She walks fast and soon turns onto fourth street. She keeps her hood on and her head low, but soon stops and looks up at an old building. The factory.  She hops the fence, and walks around the factory until she sees a broken window and slips inside.
Everything was dusty and smelled like glue, she took her hood off and entered a large room and walked arcross it, finding a hallway. At the end of the hallway was a door and a man stood outside of it. The man was large, and clearly lifted way to many weights in his life.  She hid on the other side of the corner and suddenly had an idea. She dug around in her bag until she pulled out one of the loose knives from earlier and dropped it on the ground infront of her. The mans head jerked in the direction of the sound, he stood up straight and started walking near it. She slipped her brass knuckles on and waited patiently. Finally the man rounded the corner and the she jumped up quickly and punched him in the mouth, making him land on his ass. She was getting ready to get up when he jumped on her, slamming all his weight down on her body, making her face hit the hard floor. He put her in a choke hold and stood up, making her stand with him. "You fucking bitch," he spat at her.
"You're," she coughed, "The bitch."
He then slammed her head into the wall. She was dizzy for a moment but had enough time to get ahold of herself, she put her fists up, "Aww did I upset you 'Bitch'?"she said tauntingly, and spit a mouthful of blood at him.
Then that was it, he ran toward her and she felt the brass knuckles collide with his temple. The crunch filled her ears and was slightly sad. Usually she would have smiled but her face hurt too much.
The man hit the floor hard and unconscious, and she made her way down the hall. She reached for the door and opened it slowly. Inside there was a rustling shifting sound, but it was dark and she couldnt see a thing. She let her hand feel along the wall until finally she found the switch and flipped it on.
There were bunks everywhere. The children cowared underneath beds, blankets and corners. Except for one.
"Amelia?" One of the little girls asks.
She smiles and nods, "Charlotte."
The little girl runs to her and hugs her hard, she looks up at Charlotte, "Your mother has missed you so much." She then looks to the other girls, "All of your mothers have missed you so much."
She stands up and Charlotte holds her hand, "Lets get you all home then."
The girls slowly come out and Charlotte reassures them that Amelia is alright. All 15 children leave the room quickly, until she, Amelia, stops them and pulls out her phone.
She quickly dials a number, "Hey Vix, contact all the parents and have them meet me at the abondoned factory on fourth street. I found all the kids."
She stops the kids and asks them all for the first and last names and lets the man on the other side of the line take the names. By the time they get outside of the building cars are already showing up. One of the parents gets bolt cutters from the back of their car and gets the gate open. Amelia watched the reunions the parents had with their children. They all thanked her, some even tried offering her money which she turned down. Within the next hour almost all the children are gone, even Charlotte. Except for one, sitting there quietly waiting.
Amelia walks over to her, "Whats your name again kiddo?"
The girls face was dirty, her blonde hair a mess, and her blue eyes big and scared. She didnt say anything, but then Amelia noticed her hands, and she was signing.
'My names Annie,' signed the little girl.
Amelia sat down next to her, and signed back, thankful that she learned it, 'how old are you?'
Annie held up six fingers.
'Im going to call to find out where your parents are, whats your last name?' Amelia asked.
Annie signed quickly, 'Lumir'.
Amelia pulled her phone out again, dialing Vixs' number, "Heya Vix. Anything on a six year old named Annie Lumir? Blonde Hair, Blue eyes."
Amelia could hear clicking from a keyboard on the other line, Vix let out a sigh, "Well I found something."
Amelia perked up at the sound of his voice, "What?"
"Rebecca and Darren Lumir, died 5 months ago in a pile-up on the highway."
She hung up the phone and turned to Annie, 'Annie, you're parents', she started to sign but looked down.
Annie waved her hand to get Amelias attention, 'I know they died.'
Amelia looked at her oddly, 'How?'
'Because I got here 4 months ago,' Annie signed quickly.
Amelia sighed, 'Oh, do you want to come stay with me tonight until we contact your other relatives?'
Annie looked up at Amelia, 'I guess so.'
Amelia lit a cigarette and started walking, Annie right next to her.
'Those are bad for you,' Annie signed.
'I know,' Amelia said.
They stopped at a little store for kids, thankful it was still open.
'Lets get you some new clothes,' Amelia signed.
Annie nodded and they walked inside. Amelia let Annie get whatever she wanted, she went into the dressing room to change into her new clothes while Amelia waited outside the door. They then walked to get some food and Annie fell asleep on the table after eating. Amelia carried her home and layed Annie down on her bed and went to the couch. Soon Amelia, The Wasp, let her eyes close and drifted to sleep.
Kathy
Waiting in line for a band I don't even know songs from and I don't know the guys. Anna says that they are really good live and that the lead singer suppose to be really hot. Well, first see then believe.
9 freaking hours waiting in line for people you don't even know. That is dedication to your crazy ass best friend who wants to stand front row.
'Kathy... what are you thinking about?', I asked. 'Nothing, just an old friend from high school popped in my head. He was going away to work on music, I wonder what happened to him', I said. 'Not that guy again, you have to put that Daniel out of your head okay, it's over done, your a grown woman now, it's time to start fresh, maybe if I date the drummer from this band, you can date the lead singer, hey how is that', Anna said. I laughed. 'What about the guitarist?', I asked. 'He is married', Anna said. 'You did a full background check, haha', I said laughing. 'What... you have to know who you are a fan off', Anna said. 'True words', I said. 'Finally, the doors are open!', Anna said jumping up and down. I was jumping with her. Now I wanted front row too. Standing 9 hours, we freaking deserved it.
'Holy shit', Anna said while our tickets got scanned. We ran towards the stage and believe it or not, we were standing front row. We grabbed ourselves to the bars, never to let go again. 'Holy shit! I can't believe it!', Anna said. Anna could be so cute when she was excited. First there was a guy performing named Colton Avery. He was awesome. Then Tinie Tempah which brought the whole audience off his feat which was awesome. I didn't knew the songs. Only Written In The Stars, thanks to Anna.
'Wow... man I can't wait!', Anna said cheering. 'Hey that lead singer, is he single?', I asked. 'Yes, very single but ready to mingle, his words, not mine, apparently he has dated a few times after his first high school love, but I guess he didn't forget his high school love, he sounds a bit like you, but then successful', Anna said. I laughed. I knew that this wasn't a mean thing coming from Anna. It's very true. I am an agent for a small band, not the first agent, no the second agent. I would kill for a little bit off success as Anna pointed out.
'There they are!', Anna screamed. I looked. I saw the drummer Anna fancied. I saw the guitarists the one that was married and I knew him, Mark, an old friend of Daniel back in high school. Then I finally saw the lead singer.
My heart stopped beating and I forgot to breath. 'Are you okay?', Anna asked. 'He... Daniel?', I stuttered. 'Wait... he is your high school sweetheart?', Anna screamed.
I was lost for words. This was him. My ex-boyfriend my high school lover, the one I never really got over. My best friend. Standing there on stage singing his heart out.
After the third song he was going off stage and was jumping up and down with the crowd. He was giving it all. Then he came towards me. He smiled and put the mic before my lips. I sang a few chords from the song. I had no idea if he had recognized me. Not a clue.
The concert was one to remember. That was for sure. I couldn't believe that it was actually him. Prince charming. After the concert Anna and I stayed hanging there. A bit flabbergasted. 'I can't believe that that is the Daniel you dated', Anna said. I smiled sad. 'He didn't recognized me, he had no clue who I was. I don't blame him. I've been changed a lot since high school. No braces, I got myself some purple high lights, would you recognize me, nah he sees so many people on one day, I don't blame him for not recognizing me', I said.
We both wanted to walk back to the exit when a guy came towards us. 'He would like to speak to both of you', he said. 'Why?', I asked. 'How should I know', the guard said raising his eyebrow. 'Maybe he recognizes me after all?
Danny
My God, it has been ages since I have seen her. How long has it been? Mark was wondering too. 'How can she even be here, I almost stopped singing because of her. 'What's the matter, who is she?', Glen asked. We didn't knew Glen back then.
'She is my first girlfriend, you know the one I never shut up about, she was best friends with me and Mark', I explained. 'Oooh Kathy', Glen said. 'Yes Kathy', I replied. 'She looks awesome, I wonder what she's doing', I said. 'Dan, she will come... trust me', Mark said.
I saw her and her friend coming out of the hallway and into this room. 'Kathy', I said with a smile. 'You recognize me', she said shy. 'How can I not recognize my first love silly', I said and I hugged her.
'I didn't knew that you were in a band... last thing I've heard from you is that you were in a band called MyTown, but Anna dragged me here and I had no idea you were in The Script, it's a cool name by the way', she said really fast.
'Hey... chill no need to be nervous, I am sorry I never said anything about you in the media, we might would have meet again sooner', I said.
'It's okay Daniel... oh wait it's Danny now right?', she asked. I nodded. 'Jup, everybody calls me that now, you can call me whatever you want', I said and I stroke with my hand over her cheek. Electricity was flying trough my body.
'I love your hair', I said. 'I love yours too', she said.
'Do you... do you want to meet me tomorrow?', I asked nervously. 'Yeah... like old times, you pick me up at 7?', she asked. 'Sure, were do you live now?', I asked. She gave me her address and phone number and I gave mine.
'This is my best friend and roommate Anna, she is a huge fan', she said with a soft smile.
'Hey Anna, nice to meet you, thank you for looking out for my bestie here', I said hugging her. I found it cute when Anna's eyes grew wider and she started to stutter and asked for a selfie with us.
That night I couldn't sleep well. Her eyes, those beautiful eyes were playing games with me. Holy shit. Her purple high lights were so cool. I loved the way she looked. It was like high school all over again. First we need to start as friends. We haven't seen each other in ages. We better take things slow.
Finally after 2 hours of waiting to fall asleep. I fell asleep.
So first chapter of another Danny story. Looks like I can't stop writing about him. Hope you liked it. I am going to try to take things slow this time. Hopefully it is still good :) x

I ran through the thick woods, almost ready to collapse. Ever since the World has gone to crap, iv'e been running trying to find some food and shelter. The only weapon I had was a kitchen knife from my house before it got burned down by the American Army.
I decided to stop running for a while, and sit down. I think I deserve a bit of time to relax, with a bit of looking over my shoulder.  I pulled my blond wavy hair into a pony tail. And closed my blue eyes to think of where I could go.
As I opened my eyes, I saw a barbed wire fence and a red rusty wall, which I was assuming was a front gate. I saw no walkers inside the area, so I decided to check it out. I dodged some stray walkers and made my way up to the front gate.  I saw a boy about my age, and a man, taking a wild guess that it was his father.
I started to circle the premises, when the boy pointed and shouted to his father that he saw a living person. The man looked up from his farming and ran to the gate to where I was with a huge hunting rifle pointed to my head. "shit" I thought, the stupid kid gave away my cover.

hi! i decoded i'd do the one hundred word challenge, it won't be easy, but i'll try!
also, i came up with my own words. here's the list:
one - pink
two - popcorn
three - chapstick
four - star
five - glitter
six - i love you
seven - paint
eight - flower
nine - ice cream
ten - lipstick
eleven - red
twelve - shelter
thirteen - roof
fourteen - firefly
fifteen - fast food
sixteen - red and blue
seventeen - cringing
eighteen - candy cane
nineteen - blue eyes
twenty - princess
twenty one - video games
twenty two - stuffed animal
twenty three - coffee
twenty four - sand
twenty five - finger
twenty six - flee
twenty seven - desperation
twenty eight - heaven
twenty nine - cute
thirty - dance
thirty one - white hair
thirty two - fish
thirty five - panties
thirty six - glass figurines
thirty seven - orange soda
thirty eight - camera
thirty nine - young
forty - dog
forty one - radiant
forty two - pastel
forty three - extra terrestrial
forty four - asshole
forty five - body
forty six - warmth
forty seven - letters and numbers
forty eight - clouds
forty nine - beach
fifty - beauty
fifty one - piano
fifty two - calm
fifty three - drugs
fifty three - palms
fifty four - mountains
fifty five - scenery
fifty six - boredom
fifty seven - fire and water
fifty eight - bridge
fifty nine - store aisle
sixty - midnight
sixty one - five
sixty two - balloon
sixty three - dangerous
sixty four - pancakes
sixty five - disaster
sixty six - moon
sixty seven - sun
sixty eight - stars
sixty nine - thighs
seventy - sweaters
seventy one - socks
seventy two - live
seventy three - serve
seventy four - spider
seventy five - noise
seventy six - sour
seventy seven - sweet
seventy eight - bedsheets
seventy nine - pills
eighty - diamonds
eighty one - speakers
eighty two - air conditioning
eighty three - crown
eighty four - magic
eighty five - scarf
eighty six - tea
eighty seven - raindrops
eighty eight - ties
eighty nine - eye shadow
ninety - pearl
ninety one - snow
ninety two - hug
ninety three - butter
ninety four - april
ninety five - kittens
ninety six - airplanes
ninety seven - melting
ninety eight - paranoid
ninety nine - lust
one hundred - the end
it's really easier than you'd think to come up with one hundred words. just look around, ask people, and maybe steal a bit from other lists. if you'd like to use this one, go ahead!
i hope you'll enjoy this!
Kirstie's POVMy body feels bruised and limp. My eyes red and swollen. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know why I exist. All I know is this isn't the end, this is the beginning. "Honey are you coming?" my mom yells interrupting my thoughts. "Yup" I yelled back. I sighed as I zipped up my suit case. As I walked out of my room I looked back at it as tears rolled down my cheek. I don't know why I'm leaving, I don't know why people think I'm messed up. But I do know that this is where the horror movie begins. And so far I don't like it one, bit.
Mitch's POVScreaming, that's all i ever hear. They're always screaming at me. I called them my demons. Otherwise known as the voices inside my head. No one except me knows what they say. But no one even cares about me. " MITCH ARE YOU THERE?" My roommate Scott says waving his hand in my face. "Yea I'm here, DUH!" I sassed making Scott laugh. Scott knows about the voices inside my head, but he doesn't understand them. Everyone I know in this place has gone through the same thing I have. But just because they've gone through the same thing, doesn't mean they understand me.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is my first fan fiction so please don't judge. Also my watt pad app is messed up so can someone please tell me how to change the cover😬❤️.Also this story goes out to all the MIRSTIE SHIPPERS! (Yes it's a mirstie fic)😀. Anyways I hope you enjoyed the first chapter and I'll update as much as I can🌺🌺🌺🌺.
STAY FCUTE✌-Alix
(Y/N)'s P.O.V.~six year old (Y/N)~ I was sitting behind the couch with my dolly. Her name is Jessy. Mommy was screaming at Daddy again I wish they would kiss and hug like they used to but Daddy hits Mommy a lot. Mommy then ran outside with Daddy following. Daddy slammed Mommy to the wall.
"Listen you little bitch don't you ever fucking insult me! Do you fucking understand you whore!" Daddy screamed in Mommy's face
She flinched but quickly responded with "Shut the fuck up you pig! Me and (Y/N) are fucking leaving whether you like it or not you fucking dick!"
That's when Daddy threw her to the ground and started hitting Mommy. Tears escaped my (E/C) eyes as I watched Mommy scream in pain. I wanted to run to Mommy and keep her away from Daddy but I remembered Daddy hit me once really hard for doing that. Mommy even told me to hide. After a couple minutes of hitting Mommy, Daddy went to the kitchen leaving Mommy on the floor.
"Run....(Y/N)" she groaned out.
I couldn't move I was paralyzed. I was to scared to think! I only stared at Mommy in horror as Daddy came back with the knife. He grabbed Mommy by the hair and hoisted her up so she was pinned to the wall again. He pressed his knife against her knock.
"Don't...do this... Please...(Y/N) needs me..." Mommy whimpered out.
Daddy only chuckled and pressed his blade against her knock harder. Blood was starting to ooze out and Mommy began to squirm around.
"To late should have obeyed" Daddy said in an evil voice and stabbed Mommy in the neck.
She dropped to the floor motionless with blood spurting out of her mouth and neck. I crawled out behind the couch and kneeled by Mommy. I didn't know what happened she just fell asleep.
"Daddy why is Mommy sleeping?" I asked and poked Mommy's cheek. It was cold and color was draining from her face.
"Don't worry princess she lost a game we were playing. We should go and play my favorite game" he said and lifted me up carrying me bridal style to my room.
Once we got there he gently placed me on the bed and snickered. I looked at him confused. He then unbuckled his belt.
~The next Day
'Mommy hasent woken up yet' I thought as I watched my friends Samantha and Casey play ball together.
Last night I hated the game me and Daddy played. It was awful and wrong. He Played it with Mommy before. But that was when Daddy didn't hit Mommy.
"Hey (Y/N)! Come play with us!" Samantha shouted.
An idea shot in my head once they said the word 'play'.  My (E/C) eyes lightened up.
"Hey guys! I gotta new game wait here and lemme go get the thing I need to have!" I shouted and ran into my house.
I entered and looked around the kitchen. We lived in a small apartment. I walked around and spotted the knife Daddy used to put Mommy to sleep. It still had Mommy's Red Liquid on it except it was dry and looked brown.
I ran back outside and once Samantha and Casey saw me they shrieked in horror as if I were a monster.
"Hey guys! This game Daddy played stay still!" I screamed in joy.
I stabbed Samantha and Casey in the neck. They both fell to the ground with their eyes wide open and blood spirting out of their wounds. I laughed a little at their position the looked so funny.
"Hey guys I'm going to go wash up you guys got me dirty" I said a bit of annoyance in my voice. I ran back into my house and turned on the shower.
~After a quick shower
I got dressed and totally forgot about Samantha and Casey.
'I wanna play mechanic' I thought to myself.
I walked out of my room and into the living room. There was Daddy sound asleep with his beer in hand. Daddy always drunk a lot and passed out on the couch. I felt relief wash over me as I saw him asleep. I dashed to the garage and saw Daddy's car.
I opened the hood of the car. A powerful smell filled the room. I grabbed a bunch of random tools like pliers, hammers, scissors. I started to tamper with it until I heard a strange noise. The noise startled me and made me jump back in shock.
'Uh oh better get out of here now' I thought and closed the hood of the car.
As I closed it I heard someone clear their throat. My head shot in the direction of the noise. At the door stood Daddy with beer in his hand he looked really angry.
"Hey kid go back home I'm going to get more beer if you don't I'll hurt you" Daddy said he was angry.
I quickly nodded yes and ran to our apartment. Daddy was scary when he drunk. Usually when he drunk and went out Mommy would yell at him when he got home but Mommy fell asleep.
~Time skip (sorry)
It was late and I sat on the couch watching A movie. I glanced at the digital clock.
12:23 a.m.
'When is Daddy going to come home?' I started to get a little worried.
Just then as if on cue there was a knock at the door. Joy washed over means I quickly hopped off the couch. I ran to the door nearly tripping over my steps and swung it open. Mt frown appeared on my face when I saw it wasn't Daddy, instead of Daddy it was a pretty lady and an ugly old man.
"Little girl is your mother home?" The pretty lady kneeled down and asked.
I shook my head yes and grabbed her arm. Dragging her to the living room where Mommy's motionless body lay. The lady's mouth hung open and she looked at the ugly old man
"Daddy put her to sleep she will wake up soon don't worry we can call you when Daddy gets back" I smiled proudly at them.
They looked at me with a sorry expression on their faces. The ugly old man kneeled down at me and sighed.
"What's your name kid?" He asked
"My name is (Y/N)"

Hey you. Been a short time huh? XD sorry if I made this chapter a bit to dark but you know meh I write some depressing stuff also this book will be pretty depressing and messed up I'm just warning ya know baby ;) anyway I hope you enjoyed the chapter or prologue and I will post one everyday leave any requests if you have any and follow me and I follow back baiiiii~ Thatcreepywriter
The loud music coming from all directions isn't helping my headache. The haze in the smoke blurs my vision. As I weave my way through the crowd of dancing people, beads of sweat roll down my cheeks. My nude lipstick as well as my black eyeliner is smudged. My hair, which was once perfection, is now a heaping mess on my head.
Once I am able to get to the door, I realize that we didn't drive here. But since all the alcohol runs in my blood now I guess that's a good thing.
Hailing a cab drunk isn't exactly the easiest thing in the world. Once I get a cab I have trouble opening the door, finding out that it was locked didn't give me a good impression of the cabby.
"Where to miss?" The old fat guy driving asks.
"417 Brooklyn avenue." I try to sound snotty but instead sound stupid
(Disclaimer: I don't know if this is actually a place, don't hate if its not.)
"Okay then." Since Brooklyn is on the other side of town it takes almost half an hour. Once I get there I just get out if the cab and walk inside without even paying the bastard. Why should I? He took me to the wrong place, twice!
That bad realization when you remember you forgot the keys in the apartment. I reach into my pocket and find my phone. I call Sarah to see if she'll let me in with her set of keys. She has one for emergencies. I look up for once seeing someone walking out of their apartment.
"To many tequilas?" The blonde blue pair of eyes ask.
"Does it show?" I groggily ask.
"Little bit. I'm Niall, your neighbor I guess." He says while rubbing the back of his neck.
"Kaitlin." I say just above a whisper.
"Kaitlin, why are you sitting outside this apartment?"
"Niall, why are you just getting out of thaat apartment?" As I say this he starts laughing. "Why are you laughing at me?" This only causes him to laugh more. Sarah is running up the stairs and passes right past us.
"Sarah!" I yell and giggle as she turns around. She spins on her heels and gives me a funny look. Nialls walked away by now thinking what the hell just happened.
"Who was he?" She asks flirtatiously.
"You don't know Niall? Who doesn't know Niall?" I slightly slur, with a playful giggle. I can't tell. I that bad? Eh who cares.
"Me, I don't know Niall." She points to herself. I black out after she says this.
^THE NEXT DAY^
As soon as I wake up I walk,more like run, to the bathroom and hurl whatever was in my stomach. Once that was done I have a massive headache from the night before. I couldn't remember what happened after Sarah got to my apartment. I decide to go get more Tylenol and more food. I get dressed and head out the door.
As I lock the door I see a familiar face. Niall you idiot my subconscious mocks. I try to scurry along until he spots me.
"Hey der' Kaitlin." His strong Irish accent says.
"Hey Niall." I mumble. Then realize he's just getting into his apartment. "Are you a night-owl?"
"Why do you ask?" He asks with his brows furred.
"You where just leaving when I got home, now your just getting back." I explain my theory. He just chuckles.
"Kaitlin, it's 2 in the afternoon." He's full on laughing at this point. Then Brittany stumbles up the stairs.
"Hiiii Nialler. Haven't seen you since the family thingy." She giggles. I look at him in confusion. "Oh, Kaitlin. I forgot to tell you. Me and Nialler are cousins. Wait, how do you know Nialler?"
"Ok, let's get you inside so you can sleep." I softly say knowing about her headache. She hums in response.
I try to help her walk. I attempt to unlock the door. And Niall, being the helpful gentleman he is, is on his phone playing "4 pics 1 word" or some shit. Once I unlock the door I've completely forgotten about my headache and basically mother her. By then Niall is inside his apartment blasting Bon Jovi. Respect to him.
*^*^*^Hey, comment what you think so far. Hope you all like it. All rights reserved. Oh and here's the cast list:
Kaitlin Iago: Eliza BennettNiall Horan: Niall Horan Brittany Horan: Amanda Seyfried Jase Stichmen: Breadon JaneBlake Cheoff: Shawn MendesSarah Canals: Elizabeth OlsenAaron Contolo:Wesley StormbergCheryl Iago: Angelina Jolie
Honestly, you know that feeling where you absolutely don't want to go back to school. Well that's everyday for me.
School was honestly hell and yes I know every kid thinks that, but having Dyslexia is something that makes you see the flames. It's like the gates open up and all these demons come right up to me sucking the life out of me, quite literally. The kids and some teachers don't understand how hard this makes things for you in school.
The entire summer was spent tanning at the beach with my babes, Lizzy and Isabelle. We had a sleepover every other weekend and spent some time with my brother and his friends. Oh, his god awful friends. Isabelle always says it's nice to have hot boys around all the time, but I've known them since kindergarten when they each would give each other wet willy's. They haven't changed.
Let's get one thing straight with those boys, my brother included, they basically are man whores. They even have a slogan, "fuck and dump." None of those boys have had a serious relationship and honestly I pitty anyone who tries to get them in one.
The thing about my brother is we're twins, fraternal. Emmett and Emily are quite similar names, but looks are another thing. We look absolutely nothing alike. You wouldn't even be able to tell that we were related. Although the entire school says we're those "hot twins." Its whatever really though. Popularity is honestly the last thing I'm worried about.
Senior year is just as stressful as Junior year. With going to the college I want to go to, getting accepted into colleges, surviving through my advanced art classes and cheer practices, I barely had time to think.
Cheer was mostly my hobby, art was what I really wanted to do. Although the school knew me as Emily, the co-captain of the cheer squad.
Which reminds me tomorrow is another dreadful Monday. School starts on that Monday. Who in their right mind would start on that day? Why not Wednesday?
I had already picked out my first day at school outfit. It consisted of high waisted blue jeans, a half shirt that says "cute af," my glasses, black bracelets, mint vans, and my hair in a curled ponytail. I also got this real cute black backpack. I didn't try too hard, but I obviously am not going to go in a carrot onesie. I just wanted to look cute okay? It makes me feel better about myself so I do it for me.
Even if I wore my carott onesie boys still end up getting boners in class. Like sorry that's not my fault. Oh I'm sorry are my knees and shoulders turning you on?
Boys at our school are pigs. I mean some of them are hella fine pigs, but they just want to get in your pants. I'm not a virgin, but I definitely don't want any diseases. Like Lord knows where their dicks have been, more precisely who they've been in. I don't want that.
Alright, different topic. No more talk of school. Living in California makes summer great for tanning. All right honestly I'm always tanning.
Summer's one of my favorite seasons. I'd rather be hot than cold. I also can get amazing things to draw. I'm a pretty amazing artist. I've drawn anything from people to buildings. If it was possibility then I would 100% do it. Whenever wherever, I'd be there.
Now that schools back I'll most likely slack on actually drawing for fun and only do the art projects assigned. Which unfortunately really sucks.
I'll have plenty of time later on in the year, but for now its on hold. It may seem crazy since I want to be an artist, but I would honestly have a hard time trying to give up some things I've been doing since freshman year.
Its a routine. I always have a routine. This year.... Yeah, that routine went out the window with one bet.
A/N: So this is my first teen fiction story. I've done one fanfiction story that I just started. I like having a say in how the characters act and what not.
Criticism would be helpful, but I don't want any rude, disrespectful, etc. comments. Also, I'll say this now. This is my book and it'll go the way I've planned. Its just how this works.
Also, if you don't like who I've chosen to play my characters instead of complaining why not picture someone else you like in their place? I'd rather have that than comments on how ugly so and so are.
Anywasy enjoy!
LIKE // COMMENT // SHARE // FAN
~Jaime Nichole c:
August POVI just left the studio recording my new song benediction now I'm going to go meet up with my girlfriend Skyasha. We've been togethee for almost 2 years. I was walking down the street when my phone rang...its baeePhone ConvoBaee: Heyy baee where you at
Me:on my way to tha crib wassup
Baee: im in the car omw to see the girls ( Ranyah Simmiya Leanna Derreka Stephanie Tianna an)but anyway the doctor is on the other line ima put it in a conference call
Me:aight
Doctor: Am I speaking with Simmiya and August Alsina
Us:Yea
Doctor:Ok so im calling to let you kniw the results on the tests we took the last time you were here
Us: ok
Doctor:the good news is that ms.alsina was pregnant with twins .... But the bad news is you lost the babies and since the plane crash from a month ago you busted an ovary which you already knew... The thing with that is now you have very low chance of getting pregnant...you have less that 10 percent chance of pregnancy...I'm so sorry.
Baee: oh my gawd (cries very loudly into phone) you know I've always dreamed about having kids and having a baby in my stomach and I lost not one but two
Me: Baee I'm so(gco by a loud boom)Phone call ends
This is my first chapter and story on wattoad so sorry if it sucks but hope you liked it and I'd anything DM or comment anything I need to change because Im sure you're all experienced and I promise I'll update every chance I get
Today I turned 1,000. My mother has finally let me out of the house.Note: my house is a cave in the middle of Earth(a.k.a my mother). My name is Rose. My mother is Gaea and my father was a mortal that my mother had a summer fling with. I lived with my father for 10 years then it became clear that I was very different from than anyone else. So, my mother took me and raised me until now. Since my mother has things to do, I don't see her often. Our last conversation in the past 100 years was this morning and this is how it went
Gaea-"My daughter you are now 1000 years old."
Me-"Yes ma'am."
G-"So I have decided that you are you too old to be depending on me for everything and you are no longer welcome in this house. Pack your things and go to the surface. Make sure you don't come back."
Me-"Yay I get to go to the surface! Wait...are you kicking me out?"
G-..................
Me-"Mom?"
G-................
Me-"Great."-_-
Hiya pretty peoples. I actually got the idea of writing this story based off of @fluffycashton 's book titled 'Walls'. It's a really good book and I recommend reading it. Anyways, I really hope I enjoy writing this book, I deleted an old one because I never updated on it so maybe this will be a fresh start. Please don't corrrect any spelling errors or grammer erors, I'm a horrible speller. Also please note, I'm ONLY writhing this story on Wattpad, so if you see it any where else on any other social midea or anywhere please notify me. Thanks. Ily. Stay Pretty Peoples and Stay Srtong. -Maddie xxGet in touch?Instagram- mm.add.ieeTwitter- maddienorberggAsk.Fm- maddie_norberg
Calum (age 15) :You are currently chatting to your mom and sister about your new boyfriend.
"Yeah, he's super sweet. His name is Trevor. I think you all will like him." You say, giving them both a happy smile.
"I can't wait to meet the special fella, Y/N!" Mali-Koa, your sister says to you.
"Who are you guys talking about?" Calum asks, popping out of nowhere.
"Y/N, here has a boyfriend now." Your mom nudges you with her elbow.
3...2...1... You count down the seconds before your over protective brother starts to lecture you.
"Boyfriend?! Are you crazy?! You're way to young to have a boyfriend! Who is this dude? I'll beat the livi-" you cut Calum off.
"Calum Thomas Hood! I'm 15 years old and I'm turning 16 this year. I'm pretty sure I'm old enough! And you'll like Trevor. Calm your self!" You put a hand on his shoulder.
A defeated sigh comes out from Calum's mouth.
"I just don't want you to grow up. You're my baby sister. I want you to stay a baby." Calum pulls you into a hug.
"I'll always be your baby sister. I'm just getting older I guess..." You pull out of the hug and make Calum look at you.
"...now promise me you'll behave."
Calum rolls his eyes at you, "Fine, I promise."
He pulls you into another hug before releasing you and going into the living room.
---
Soon Trevor came over and ate dinner with your whole family. Calum and him hit it off. But before they could talk, Calum gave him a big long lecture about how he treats me, if this happens he'll beat the living shit out of him, and blah blah blah. About 3 hours later, Trevor had to leave, so you walked him to the door.
"Thanks for coming babe." You have him a kiss on the cheek.
"Thanks for inviting me. I like your family. They're pretty nice, even though Calum threatened to beat me up. But other than that, it was great. I'll text you. Okay?" Trevor gives you a hug.
"Okay." You say, blushing. ((I swear if any of you comment about TFIOS I'll chop your non-existent dick off))
You wave bye to Trevor and softly close the door. You walk back into the living room to see Calum grinning to himself.
"So?" You ask him.
"You have my permission to keep on dating him." Calum looks up at you.
"Thank you Cal."
Calum gets up a places a kiss on your head, "anything for you, Y/N."
"I love you Cal."
"I love you too baby hood."~Ashton (age 6) :
You sit on the floor of your room drawing a picture of you and your new "boyfriend". His name was Xavier. He gave you a cookie at lunch time today and you knew you were in love. You kept on blushing to the thought of him. You didn't notice Ashton creeping behind you.
"What are you drawing?" Ashton asks you, sitting down beside you.
"Me and my boyfriend!" You giggled.
"Boyfriend huh? What's his name?"
"Xavier! He gave my a cookie today at lunch and I fell in love with him!" You give Ashton another giggle which causes him to smile.
"When do I get to meet the lucky guy?"
"Tomorrow after school. We're having a play date." You continue drawing your picture.
Ashton just nods his head and watches you draw. He keeps thinking about when you'll actually have a real boyfriend that he'll have to be really protective over you. Ashton kisses your head and gets up.
"She's growing up on me." Ashton mumbles to himself, walking out your door.
~Luke (age 12) :You're upstairs in your room getting ready for your date with your boyfriend, James. He's taking you to the movies to see Insidious: Chapter 3. You purposely picked this movie because you know you could snuggle with him when you got scared.
You applied mascara to your eyelashes then put on some lipgloss. You stood back and looked at yourself.
"Looking good girl!" You said to yourself while posing sassily in the mirror.
You grab your phone and walk downstairs and sit on the living room couch, waiting for James to come get you. You sit there playing on your phone when a voice clears his/hers throat. You look up to see Luke standing there with his arms crossed.
"What?" You ask him.
"You're too young to have and boyfriend." You groan in response.
"Ben and Jack told you, didn't they." You ask, rolling your eyes.
"Yes they did, and I'm happy they did. Y/N, why didn't you tell me?"
"Because I knew you would be over protective and all that jazz."
"Y/N..." He sighs sitting beside you.
"... I'm protective over you because I love you. I don't want any dumb ass boy hurting you. Your little heart will be crushed."
You look over at look before giving him a small smile.
"You won't need to worry about my boyfriend though. His name is James. He's super sweet. You'll like him. Maybe if you're lucky enough, I can invite him over."
"I'd like to meet the guy, Y/N."
Before you could say anything, a knock at the door caused both yours and Luke's talk to end. You peek through the blinds and see James standing there with a rose.
"That's him!" You say excitedly.
"Okay, be safe. And no kissing! Do you hear me missy." Luke side hugged you.
"Yeah yeah. I know." You smirk.
"Bye Y/N. I love you!" Luke calls out to you while you walk out front.
"I love you too dork!" You shout back smiling.
James hands you the rose while you blush.
"Shall we go beautiful?" James asks you, grabbing your hand.
"We shall." And you guys are off to the movies.---
Turns out later that night you have your first kiss with James. Not bothering to listen to the 'no kissing rule' that your brother told you to follow.
~Michael (age 18) :You were face timing your boyfriend Liam in your room. You guys were talking about a date you guys will be going on in 2 days.
"Hey babe, I'm sorry but I have to go. I love you so much." Liam tells you.
"It's okay, I love you too baby." You hang up the phone and walk to open your door.
Before you could twist the doorknob, Michael burst into your room.
"Who were you just talking to?!" Michael asks you.
"Oh, um, my, uhhhhh... M-My boyfriend." You tell him.
"Boyfriend?! How long have you guys been dating?!"
"Uh, 8 months." You say, giving Michael an apologetic smile.
"8 months! When were you going to tell me about him?"
"Uh, I wasn't." You bite your lip.
Michael is very, very, very, very protective over you about boys. Especially since your last relationship with your abusive boyfriend. Michael can be scary most times, but once you get to know him, he's a total kitten.
Michael lets out an aggravated sigh, "Y/N, I know I'm over protective, but you got to tell me these things! He could of hurt you by now!"
"Liam isn't like that! He's sweet and caring! He couldn't hurt a fly!"
Michael looks up at you and makes you sit beside him on the bed.
"Y/N, I bet he's everything you've just said. But I have to meet him. I just won't feel okay if I don't meet this guy. So, can you arrange something with him so he can meet me?" You lean your head on your brother's shoulder.
"Yeah, in 2 days we're going out on a date, so you can meet him when he come picks me up." Michael kisses the roof of your head.
"Okay, I'd like that."
You text Liam and tell him everything and he couldn't be happier to meet your brother.-------
When the day comes for Liam to meet your brother, you're very nervous. Turns out you didn't have to be. Liam hit it off with your brother. And soon you didn't have to invite Liam over, Michael always texted him before you could to come and hang out. Sometimes it seemed like Michael stole Liam. But you didn't mind. As long as Michael and Liam were happy, you were happy.
____________________________________________________________________________________
This is my first preference and I hope y'all like it!!! My order will go: CalumAshtonLukeMichael.
Like C.A.L.M. See what I did there😏 anyways, thanks for reading!!!
The sound of the gunshots that killed Mr. Gemini could be heard from a mile away. The reason for the murder, however, was as silent as his  personality.
As the older, red Chevy Mustang pulled away from the white one that Mr. Gemini had been in during the last moments of his life, the woman who had been inside the white car with him began to weep. "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
££££££££££££££££££££££££££££££££
*by the way this is kind of a teaser, so let me know what you think. ✌
CatoxClove Comment if you ship it.
Rika cried as soon as she heard the news. " Sebastian is...a d-demon?" She whimpered. The council nodded. " He has told one of the greatest lies in history, he has lied to God..." Rika couldn't believe what she had just heard. Sebastian walked to her and asked  "Rika never forget me and when you go to Earth please find a way to get me." Then he was shoved into a cell that would drop into Hell. Rika cried as soon as she said goodbye, then it dropped now he was gone. Sebastian was now a demon. Rika vowed to herself she would take Sebastian to Earth with him or she would do his crime.
Dit is het dan! Het vervolg op verliefd op mijn broer. Ik raad je aan eerst met die boek te beginnen zodat je alles begrijpt.
Pov laura
'Kijk! Daar is de Big Ben!' Zeg ik tegen Damian. Ik sleepte hem ernaartoe. 'Kijk eens hoe mooi.' zei ik tegen hem. 'Ja Laura heel mooi, kunnen we nu terug naar het hotel? Mijn armen doen pijn van het dragen van al jouw tassen.' zei hij met een pijnlijk gezicht.
'Oke.' zucht ik. Damian houd een taxi aan en we gan samen terug naar het hotel. Eenmaal aangekomen neemt de protier onze tassen aan. 'Dankjewel.' zeg ik. En ik loop met Damian naar binnen.
Hij wilt zijn arm om me heen doen maar ik hou hem tegen.
'Damian de regels weet je nog.'
'Ohw ja.' zei hij.
Drie jaar geleden hebben Damian en ik regels bedacht, zodat onze vader niet achter onze relatie zou komen.
*3 jaar geleden*
'Damian! Verstop je in die kast!' Fluisterriep ik. Toen hij net de deur van de kast dichtdeed kwam mijn stiefvader binnen.
'Hey Laura weet jij toevallig waar mijn sleutels liggen?' Vroeg hij. 'Euhm nee.' Zei ik nerveus. 'Gaat het wel Laura? Je doet een beetje vreemd'.
'Ja hoor alleen een beetje.....moe. dat is alles.' lachte ik ontschuldig.
'Okay dan ga ik maar naar het werk.' hij geeft mij een kus op mijn hoofd en loopt de kamer uit. 'Kust is veilig!' roep ik en Damian komt stompelend de kamer uit. 'Het was daar....zo warm..ik kreeg bijna...geen adem.' Hijgde hij. 'Ahw stel je niet zo aan.' Ik gaf hem een kusje op zijn neus. 'Maar we moeten regels verzinnen.' zei Ik.
'Waarom? Voor wat?' Vroeg hij. 'Zodat we niet betrapt worden natuurlijk'. lachte ik. 'Oke regel nummer 1.' begon ik.
'Elke maandag, woensdag en vrijdag avond hebben we wat tijd samen.' zei ik.
'Wat? Maar dat is zo weinig.' zei hij een beetje sipjes. 'Het moet, als we betrapt worden moet ik misschien wel bij me tante wonen!' Zei ik.
We maakten de lijst af.
1. Avond bezoeken alleen op , maandag, woensdag en vrijdag.
2. We mogen geen handen vasthouden (ook niet stiekem) als onze vader binnen een afstand van 100 meter is.
3. Koeltjes doen tegen elkaar als onze vader er is.
4. 1 keer per week iets leuks doen.
5. Als we bijna betrapt worden moet je je verstoppen op de verstop plekken.
6. Op de dagen dat we elkaar niet zien in de avond gaan we skypen.
7.Van elkaar houden.
Oke die laatste is niet echt relevant maar wel belangerijk.
Damian pakte mijn hand. 'Dit gaat moeilijk worden maar we komen eruit, samen.' zei hij en hij glimlachte lief naar me.
'Samen.' ik gaf hem een kus op zijn lippen en hij deed zijn arm om mij heen.  'Ik kan niet blijer zijn met een jongen net als jouw.'
'Vise versa'
*einde flasback*
Dat dat alweer 3 jaar geleden was. Ik en Damian zijn nog steeds samen en we zijn nog niet betrapt en dat worden we hopelijk ook niet. Ik hou van Damian hij is er altijd voor mij en dat waardeer ik. Hij zingt liedjes voor me waarneer ik weer eens een nachtmerrie heb. Hij verzorgt me als ik ziek ben. En hij helpt me met de moeilijke tijden die ik nu heb.
Mijn echte vader komt namelijk over 2 weken vrij.
Dit is dan het proloog ik hoop dat jullie het wat vonden. Ik weet dat er heel veel lezers zijn weggegaan. En ik geef hun geen schuld, omdat ik namelijk een slak ben als het gaat om updaten.
Bye potatoes!
@/ Dolan.Brothas Or Maddie as Grayson's Girlfriend@/ Princess.Dolan Or Andrea as Ethan's Girlfriend@/ Dolanlyfe Or Lauren as the twins Best FriendThe first chapter will be up on Friday I hope you guys like it
Hello, my name is Kat, and this is my story. A long time ago I was born... Etc etc... Effort to explain. I have these grey eyes, which everyone loved, and i have my tongue pierced. I'm about 5ft 3, Everything else is not your business, not meaning to sound rude.
But any who, I've always been the quiet girl in the class. No ones ever really noticed that I'm there. Until the bullies came along, that was year 3. I started getting bullied for having my skirt 'up too high'. I told my mum and she had ago at the girls. I had about 3/4 friends that liked me and the rest of the people in my classes hated me... Because I was 'too odd' for their liking.
I didn't mind though, at least I knew who I can trust and who I can't trust. I told these girls everything, all of my secrets and they told me all of theirs. I'm glad I had friends like that, they made me feel happy :).
I also started getting 'voices' as they call them, in my head, they would say mean things and I would disagree. But they got to me in the end... That was year 4... When I was 8 turning 9 I started to believe them. I shouldn't have other wise I wouldn't have been like this...
They would say things like 'you're ugly' and I would deny it and say "no I'm not!" Teachers thought I was going mad. As I said year 4 when they said something like 'you are so stupid, you'll never get married!' I said "that's true" but ever so quietly so the teachers didn't think the same as they did.
No one really understood all of it. No one realised that I was fighting a battle. But I never had the guts to tell my parents other wise God knows what they would have done... I always thought that if I told someone they would think I'm mental and a psychopath... So I've never told anyone about the voices.
As I was 9 I started to develop more stuff in my body, and boys would notice but never say anything. I obviously thought that it was normal, but it wasn't. No one else in my class was like me. No one else had started to develop boobs... I never felt so odd before, but now I realise that it ain't that bad to be the odd one out. But then it was. No one liked being the odd one out, however, I felt like the odd one out. I was always the odd one out.
I didn't like it. It was awkward. I was awkward. No one knew what it was like because I was the only one.
//feryn//
" Louis babe open this door you've been in there for way over a hour."" What the heck am I suppose to do come hug you with open arms and just talk through this because haha I think not."" This is just as much your fault as it is mine. I'm 19 years old what am I suppose to do without your help.""feryn get out of my house. I don't want to see you again. I never wanted kids. I was drunk you were drunk so it wasn't my fault."
- present day- 3 years later"mommy why are you crying." little Mckenzi Ray asked. " nothing baby go get ready for school and tell your brother too also." I know I just lied to my 4 year old but how am I suppose to tell her I was crying because of her dad she has no idea about."Mckenzi, Beckett are you ready for school?" " mommy mommy I can't find my shoes I can't find them anywhere." Beckett Ryan cried. ugh just like his father losing everything all at once. " Beckett honey they are by the front door where you put them yesturday." " guys come on we will be late and you know how long it takes us to walk to school." I walked out the door with my two babies and we walked to school. " Feryn I heard someone scream Feryn Chambers." I turned around and then I saw him the one person who I didn't want to see but he was standing right in front of me.
I heard bells all around me go off. My brain started shouting "There's a fire! Get out!" but my body refused to move. I stared at the bell, and watch it sing its violent tune. This bell could mean two things.
One; that there is a fire.
Two; that there was a dangerous stranger in the building.
I didn't know which warning it was giving me, so I decided to find out, before I was found by a teaching and yelled at for not attending the drill.
My feet carried me outside of the bathroom, dragging on the tiled floor. My heart pounded, and my mind was racing with questions.
Will I get caught in the hallway?
Is this really a drill?
Is there anyone else in the hallway with?
The last question I asked myself when I heard a curse word come from the boy's bathroom. I turned around quickly, and caught sight of the third grader that had just walked out of the bathroom.
"Hey," he mumbled. I cracked a smile.
"Hi," I returned," do you have any idea what's going on?"
Author's Note;Hello, my few readers ! This chapter was purposely short for a reason, so don't assume all of my future chapters are this short and quick. Hope you like the first chapter, and continue to read!
Byessss!
Bella prov.Today is the day I go on a plane and spend the last year of school in a small town in Washington named forks. My dad asked if I'd like to come and see him and I have missed him a lot. There is my dad's friend Billy Black and his son Jacob I have not seen them in 9 years. My mom drops me of at the airport and I am on my way to forks under constant cloud.
*After flight*
I see my dad standing by his police car, he is sheriff. Once I get to his car I give him a hug and he hugs me back. On our way home he says "you remember Billy and jacob right" I answer "of course" jacob and I used to hang out all the time during the summer when I still came. He says "well I was wondering if you would like to go over there for dinner tonight.
Sorry the chapter is short. How do you like so far. It's my first time writing so hope you like it.
This is a Nash Grier fanficShelby- Lucy Hale-16Ella- Selena Gomez-16Ava- Victoria Justice-16Andrew- Matthew Espinosa-17Jack- Cameron Dallas-17 Dylan- Jack Gilinsky-17Nash- Nash Grier-18Mary Catherine (aka MC)-Skyler Samuels-19
song: runaways • all time low
picture on the side is what mikey looks like in this story
{•}
dylan was bored. she had stayed home from school because she 'wasn't feeling well'. she pulled the prank so many times on her mom, she was practically a pro.
her phone buzzed, signaling a text message from an unknown number.
unknown: hi
dylan: who's this
unknown: oh sorry, must be a wrong number. i'm michael, by the way :)
dylan: i'm dylan
dylan: and no i'm not a dude
unknown: that's a cool name for a girl, i like it
dylan: i like it too so thanks
unknown: you're a sassy one aren't you?
dylan: you don't know the half of it
unknown: so why don't we play 20 questions?
dylan: sure
unknown: full name?
dylan: dylan alexandra carter. favorite band?
unknown: all time low
unknown: pretty name btw
dylan: if you like all time low, we're gonna get along well
unknown: is that so?
dylan: yup. full name?
unknown: michael gordon clifford. favorite color?
dylan: red. favorite song by atl?
unknown: that girl. your favorite song by atl?
dylan: damned if i do ya (damned if i don't). where in the world do you live?
unknown: england, but i'm from oz. you?
dylan: england, but i'm from wisconsin, usa.
unknown: that's cool. favorite album (by any artist)?
dylan: dirty work (atl) or dookie (green day)
unknown: holy fuck same
dylan: i like you already fuckboy
unknown: oh so i'm a fuckboy?
dylan: yes muthafucka
dylan: everyone's a fuckboy
dylan: that's why i'm single bc my school is filled with fuckboys who think they're 'daddy af'
unknown: i have a friend who thinks he's daddy af
unknown: it's quite funny
dylan: what's his name? i might know him
unknown: ashton
dylan: classic irwie, always knew he had a daddy kink
unknown: so you know him then?
dylan: yeah no shit honey
unknown: damn
unknown: you go to that school in Manchester then?
dylan: yeah
unknown: i go to a school right down the road from it
dylan: that school for stuck up snobs
unknown: woah hurtful
dylan: sorry. i hate everyone there
unknown: not me though. right?
dylan: debatable (;
dylan thought this boy was cute. personality wise anyways. she kind of wanted to see what he looked like. maybe he was cute in reality.
dylan: hey, can you send a selfie?
unknown: only if you send a selfie to me
dylan: deal. you first
unknown: [new picture message]
dylan: wow fuck me
dylan: why the fuck are you so hot
unknown: i'm not hot. i'm actually pretty ugly compared to most guys
dylan: your hair reminds me of mine
unknown: what color is your hair?
dylan: blue/black
unknown: sounds pretty. your turn for the selfie thing btw
dylan: [new picture message]
unknown: woah
unknown: date me
unknown: pls i'm desperate
dylan: you're still a fuckboy
{•}
so this is chapter 1 of my new book and series. each book will be about a different 5sos boy. basically the girl and (ex.) Luke meet over a social network. each story will have a different plot line so it will be different each book.
1: All Time Low • Clifford2: Green Day • Irwin3: The Offspring • Hemmings4: Sublime • Hood
basically they bond over a certain band they like and eventually meet up.
hope you enjoy the series :)
-paynesgirl99x
"Brad what are you doing!?" I laughed, smiling at Brad who was currently standing at the top of the slide that led into the pool that was in his back garden.
"Sliding down, what's it look like loz?"
You laughed. "Like your going to fall off." I giggled whilst walking up to the side of the pool.
"Really Loz, I'm not going to fall off, do you really think I'm going to fall off?"
"Well no..." I said looking up at him smiling, Brad smiled back down at you, all of the sudden he wobbled. "Brad!" You shouted. "Be careful, don't scare me like that!" He laughed back down at you.
"I'm not going to fall. I told you." He sat down at the top of the slide. "Three...two..." He smiled down at you. "You ready to watch this."
"Well yes I've been waiting here for the last ten minutes" I laughed.
"One!" He shouted and pushed himself off of the slide. I closed my eyes, not being able to watch. I heard the splash of water and reopened my eyes.
"Loz come on you've got to come in." Brad said lying back in the inflatable pool which was huge.
I started walking over to the pool.
"No not this way, you've got to go down the slide."
"Come on Brad you know I don't like heights." I said.
"I'll be waiting right here." he said swimming over to the bottom of the slide.
"Promise?" I said.
"Promise." Brad looked me straight in the eye.
I walked over to the steps to the slide. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. I sat at the top of the slide and looked down to the side. I closed my eyes shut.
"Brad I can't do it it's too high!" I said hanging on for dear life at the side of the slide.
"Lauren." Brad said in a strong voice. "Look at me."
"I can't Brad" you said swallowing a lump in your throat. "I'm to scared, Brad I can't."
"Lauren." Brad said steadily. "Open your eyes and look at me okay? That's the first step."
"Okay." I lifted my head up and opened my eyes, I looked directly towards Brad, no where else but Brads eyes.
"Great." Brad smiled at the bottom of the slide.
"Brad I can't do it j feel like I'm going to be sick." I felt clammy and nauseous.
"Lauren you can!" Brad smiled at me. "What have you done with Lauren because this isn't the Lauren, I remember in reception when you were scared to go on the wobbly bridge but you did it Lauren and you loved it and I'm sure you'll love this. You can do anything if you believe Lauren." I closed my eyes again thinking about when I met Brad in reception, we were now in year four and are still the best of friends.
"But Brad, I'm really scared."
"Loz look I'm right here, it's not going to hurt you I promise, I wouldn't let you do anything that would hurt you Lauren, you know that." You looked down to Brad he was smiling up at you, that cheeky, cheery smile I loved to see everyday. "If it makes you feel any better I'll catch you Loz. I promise. You won't even go under water. Just take a deep breath, look I'm right here." He held out his arms ready to catch me. I closed my eyes and pushed myself of off the slide. I felt the water hit my legs and a pair of arms catch me. I opened my eyes looking up to see Brad smiling back down at me. "see I told you I would catch you. I wouldn't let anyone hurt you not ever."
"We'll always be best of friends Brad."
"Always and forever. Are you okay now?"
"Yeah." I swam slightly away from Brad and turned back round to face him again, smirking.
"What are you smirking ab-" I cut him by splashing him with water. He wiped his face off using his hands.
"Oh." Brad opened his eyes. "That's it!" I put my hands out in front of me too stop Brad from splashing me. "You are so going to pa-"
"Lauren your moms here honey." Brads mom came out onto the porch.
"Bye Brad." I smiled at Brad and swam over to the steps of the swimming pool.
"Are you coming round tomorrow, Lauren?" Brad asked me.
"I don't know it depends what my mom says." I climbed out of the swimming pool and grabbed my towel wrapping it around me. I walked over to Brads mom.
"Bye Lauren." Brad shouted over to you.
"Bye Brad." I walked into the house to see my mom standing near the table.
"Hi honey." My mom said to me.
"Hey mom." I smiled and walked up to give my mom a hug.
"Your father and I have got to go somewhere for a couple of days so your going to stay here-"
"Really?" I turned to Brads mom.
"Really." She replied.
"But-" My mom said. "You must be on your very best behaviour like I know you can be okay?"
"Okay." I replied.
"Don't worry Sarah, she'll be okay she always is." Brads mom said to my mom.
"Where's daddy?" I asked.
"His still at work his going to meet me in town."
"I love you mom, tell dad love him as well."
"I will, sweetheart. Come and give me a hug then." I walked over to my mom and gave her a hug. "I've packed your suitcase for you, all of things are in there. Including your homework." You pulled a disgusted face. "Which you've got to do." My mom carried on.
"I'll make sure she does it Brad's got some as well. Don't worry Sarah, now get moving." Brads mom smiled.
"You be good now Lauren I'll see you when I get back."
"Bye mom." I said I watched as she walked out of the door.
"Can I go back outside please?" I asked Brads mom.
"Sure. Be careful though."
I walked back out onto the porch quietly and look out towards the pool, Brad was sitting on top the slide. I walked quietly down the steps and over the slide. I stepped up each step, quietly.
"Hey Brad." You said excitedly.
"Lauren?" He turned around but slipped and ended up going down the slide.
"Brad!? Oh my. Are you okay?" I sat at the top of the slide and slid down. "Brad." I made it to the bottom and swam over to Brad engulfing him into a hug. "Are you okay." I said squeezing him.
"I'm fine." He laughed, I felt his arms wrap around me.
"I thought you were really hurt."
"I'm fine Loz honest. See I told you could do it." Brad said nodding to the slide.
"I only came down that quick because I thought you were hurt." I said letting go of him.
"I'm not okay I promise." He said smiling down at me. "What are you doing here anyway? I thought you had to go." Brad said a confused expression painted his face.
"Well my mom and dad have got to go somewhere so." I paused looking up at Brad, he was looking down at me. "I'm staying here for a couple of nights!" I shouted ecstatically.
"Are you joking?" Brad asked me.
"No!" I laughed. "I'm not kidding."
~
I lay on Brads bedroom floor a pencil in hand and maths homework out in front of me.
"I am so full." I laughed. Brad's mom was such a good cook, the trouble was her food was that good it made you full.
"Me too." Brad said stopping what he was doing to look at me. "What question are you on?" He asked me.
"Fourteen, two more to do. What about you?"
"Finished." I looked at him completely astonished.
"Like-wha-how?" I asked him completely shocked.
"It's easy." He said laughing.
"No it's not." I said laughing back, nudging his arm.
"Here, question fourteen equals 232. Fifteen is 321 and sixteen is 123." I wrote down the answers.
"Thanks."
"It's okay, I know you'd do it for me." Brad's chocolate brown eyes looked into my green ones. I turned over and lay on my back as Brad did.
"You want to know something." I said.
"What?" Brad said and turned his head to look at me again.
"I've never had a best friend like you before." I said looking up at the ceiling. "In fact I've never had a best friend." I laughed to myself.
"Me neither." Brad whispered. I turned your head back towards the ceiling. "Let's go and sleep in my tree house it's such a nice night." Brad said sitting up.
"It may be a nice night but it's cold." I said giggling.
"Yeah it is but we'll take all of the blankets and cushions come on it will be fun." Brad said standing up.
"Fine." I said sitting up and giggling. "You always find a way a round it don't you Simpson."
"That's right Taylor." He said using my surname as well. "Our start getting your things ready and I'll go and ask my mom." Brad said running out of the room. I stood up and walked to where my blanket was picking it up. I went and stood next to the door, waiting for Brad to come back up. A couple of minutes passed and I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and Brad soon appeared in front of me.
"We can!" Brad said excitement clear in his tone he ran over and grabbed his blanket and pillow as well. "It's going to be so fun. Come on." Brad said walking out of his room, me following behind him. We made it to the kitchen and was nearly at the back door when Brad's mom shouted.
"You guys be careful out there and Brad take the back door key incase it gets too cold and you want to come back and-" Brad's mom shouted. "Lock the tree house door." She shouted again.
"Will do mom." Brad looked at me smiling. "Now can we go?" He shouted back through to his mom whilst walking over the a cupboard and getting out a pack of pop corn and walking back over to me.
"Yeah." I heard Brad's mom shout.
"Come on Loz." Brad said opening the door. "You first." He smiled politely. I walked outside the coldish air hitting my arms and waving my straight blonde hair back and fourth. I looked behind me to see Brad locking the back door with the set of the cars.
"Lead the way." I smiled, Brad started to walk in the direction of the tree house.
~
I sat on the blanket next to Brad reading one of this comics with him.
"I love this part." I shouted. Brad and I had read this comic loads and we knew every single part.
"Me too." Brad smiled.
After a few more pages were turned we had finished the comic and Brad chucked it to the side of the tree house.
"I think it's time to go to sleep." I said yawning.
"I agree." Brad said smiling. I laid my pillow next to Brad's as he did and pulled the blanket over me. I turned to face Brad. He looked at me and kissed my cheek.
"Ew Brad, that's what mom's and dad's do." You said laughing and wiping your cheek with tot hand in a playful way.
"We could be a mom and dad one day, you know." Brad said smiling.
"And then we could be best friends for ever." I snuggled up to him. "It's so cold."
"I'll keep you warm." Brad placed an arm around me. "Goodnight Loz." Brad whispered, half a sleep.
"Good night Brad, sweet dreams."
|| So this is my new Fanfic. I really hope you enjoyed the first chapter to this ongoing fanfic.
• ||
Faith Anderson
Height : 5'9
Type of girl: tomboy(sometimes girlie)
Age: 16
Half of: half Brazil
Birthday: march 23rd
Dream: wrestler
Good at: dances, rapping, drawing
Bad at: math
Friends : April mendez, saraya Bevis, nicole and brianna garica,  Jonathan good, colby lopez,
Siblings: cortessa ( age 16)
Parents: Jessica(age 39) Justin (age 41)
The boy and the girl that don't get along because of differences. Not race and not sex, but power. The natural powers that they have. Not taken away from someone and given to them, but born with it. Powers that will kill the other, grow hatred over the other, and team against the other.
The world changes frequently. Like people. When the world makes a mistake, all hell breaks loose. Power can save people and kill people. But that's what power does.
Elise. The girl with icy thoughts and a non forgiven, cold heart. Full of lyrics and book quotes. Never in love. Colourblind- confined to only black and white. Never seen colour and the vivid sunsets. Elise keeps secrets to herself, not telling anyone. She doesn't trust her family or anyone for that matter.
Ryan. The boy with the fire in his eyes and a brave brain. Never thinking twice and gets in trouble a lot. He trusts the wrong people, telling drug dealers his address and newspaper reporters secrets getting them into the newspaper. He's confined to a wheelchair due to the lack of legs when he was born. Never being able to have the joy of walking freely without someone behind him.
Elise and Ryan are different from the rest of their schoolmates but don't stick together against them. No one knows their secrets, not even each other. Ice, cold and solid. Fire, hot and gives off gas. Ice and fire do not match, or so they say.
What happens when they get put together? Will things get worse, or save everyone?
Evelyn is a 20 year old girl who is about to start her second year of college. She is major in studying law. She is looking forward to her favorite class, English. Evelyn is anxious for her law class, but luckily her friend, Maddie, will be in that class with her. Maddie also happened to be her roommate. Maddie and Evelyn have some road bumps along the way but eventually solve them.
I haven't spoken to him in ages.. He never ignores me like this, what could be wrong?. Ritsuka won't speak to me, did I do something wrong?.... When I don't hear his voice, when I don't see his face.. It makes it hard to get through life. It makes my heart break when I can't do anything, it makes me feel alone and unwanted. I wish I knew what was going on, but he won't tell me... I will go insane if I don't get answers, I yearn to know why my Sacrifice will not talk to me. I'm Struggling.
I was falling. The wind was wiping  around mi hair and the whistles of the wind overcame my senses of hearing. My wings were useless, they were heavy like they were made of iron. I was in to much shock to register that I could fly and save my self. They  kicked me out, was my only tout, I wasn't good enough so they literaly threw me out of heaven. You see my mother Miriam is the sister of Ambrozia, the queen of angels. Being the royal one would tought I couldn't be kicked out just like that. But, it wasn't just like that. Today was my seventeenth birthday. On seventeenth birthday every magical creature gets his or her inheritance. For the angels it's their wings. But my wings weren't  snowy  white like the rest of the angels wings, no, they were pitch black. That could only mean I was part demon, part angel. My father was a demon, my mather had an affaire with a demon. I just lost my whole life because of my mothers stupidity. I didn't belonged to hell, being part angel my sole was to pure for that damned place. But i couldn't stay in heaven either, because no mather how pure, the angels were afraid of everything that was different. So I was stuck in between. On Earth. I wasn't afraid as the mentioned bacame closer. I knew the impact with the ground wouldn't hurt. Not as much as my heart hurt and my sole throbed. Finaly I colided with the hard and frozen ground. I felt dull ache in my muscles from the impact. I advertet my cristal blue eyes up at the clouds that I knew were hiding the gates of heavens. I didn't feel love, hurt, anger or any kind of emotion. No sadness or sorow, just emptiness. As a single tear roled down my cheek I wispered goodby.  The feeling of emptines slowly rethriting as the anger, no rage that I never knew in my life washed over me. I wasn't good enough. Hell they are just a bunch of cowards afraid of everything that is different. I refuse to lower  my head in defeat. I will rise again. I tought. I knew a lot about Earth, the creatures that lived here and there magic. I knew about the war that finished recently, between dark and light. Light wined. But I swear that I would show those pompouse angels that not all the darkness was evil. My powers are dark, I can control fire, talk to dragons and snakes, summone lightnings and create storms, and yet I'm not evil. I slowly rose to my feet. Thanks to being half demon I was healing quickly.
With magic i made my wings disappear. That will make moving trough Earth a lot easier, not to mencione i wanted to keep my indentity secret. And if i needed them they will reappear. I slowly started walking in the direction of the dark wood. I think it's the forbidden forest that I read about in the angel library. If it's true than Hogwards should be close. Maybe I could find shelter there...
( Not even knowing it, once fallen dark angel just started to rise)

Well come on,ask away and I'll try to answer
Clarke shut off her alarm clock and glanced at her arm habitually checking the timer on her inner wrist. The little device that was supposed to count down to the exact day when she would first make eye contact with her soul mate.

The only problem was: Clarke's timer was blank. Meaning that her soul mate had not gotten a timer yet. So Clarke was forced to live each day in uncertainty, wondering when her soul mate would choose to get a timer, if he ever chose to get one. Clarke wasn't sure if she could live with this uncertainty much longer. It was slowly eating away at her.

A generation ago no one had timers. They had to deal with the messiness of dating and breaking up and dating again. Divorces and cheating and heartbreak were all incredibly
common. No one ever really know if the person they were in love with was the One. Her mother had told her stories about how she had fell in love several times before she had met Clarke's father.

The whole notion of falling in love with someone that may or may not be the One seemed ridiculous to Clarke. She only dated people without timers and she made sure to convince them to get a timer before things got too serious. So far she had only faced disappointment after disappointment. At least disappointment was better than heartbreak right?

With another sigh Clarke rolled out of bed and put on a pot of coffee. She peeked into her step sister's room, not at all surprised to find it empty. With a slightly cynical laugh she pulled out her cell phone and dialed Raven's number.

After several rings Raven finally answered the phone, sound groggy as she whispered,

"Hello?"

"Well good morning sunshine."

"Jesus Clarke, what time is it?"

"It's almost 7. Do I want to know where you slept last night? Or why you are whispering?" Clarke heard rustling on the other end before Raven finally answered,

"You know why sis. So today's the big day with right?"

"Yep, I'm really nervous Rav. I mean Wells has been a friend for so long and when it turned into more I was excited. But what if he's not the one? What do I do then?"

"Hey relax, do you think Wells could be the one?"

"I...I don't know." Clarke faltered, she had no idea what love was or if what she felt for Wells was love. That's why she needed him to get a timer.

"Well at least you will know after this morning right?"

"Right. Thanks Raven. Now find your underwear and get to work." Clarke smiled when she heard Raven scoff. She knew her sister well enough to know what the rustling on the other end meant.

*****

"Hey, I'm sorry I'm late." Wells said as he jogged over to her.

"You're like a minute late." Clarke said with a laugh.

"Yeah, but you know that I always like to be early. So on time is late for me, and a minute late is cause for an apology." Wells said with a smile. He leaned in slightly awkwardly, looking like he was going for a hug, but at the last second changed his mind and gave her a quick peck on the lips. He leaned back and stuck his hands into his pockets. Clarke hated the tension in the air. This was the worst part. In a little while she and Wells would either have to break up or spend the rest of their lives together. There were both painfully aware that what was about to happen would change their lives forever.

"You ready?" Clarke asked

"Yeah, let's get this over with." Clarke grimaced at the resignation in his voice, knowing very well that he was only doing this for her. Wells had never gotten a timer because of his parents. They had met the old fashioned way and had been very much in love. Theirs was one of those love stories that was usually put in books and movies. Filled with longing, love, and just enough drama to make it interesting.  Wells' parents had defied the odds and ended up together. They got married and had Wells and had loved each other until the day that Wells' mother had died. Wells' father had never moved on. He refused to get a timer saying that it would just be blank because his one and only true love was gone.

Wells had worked his entire life to make his father proud of him. He had gotten it into his head that if he stayed timer free and met someone the old fashioned way like his parents he would finally achieve that life goal.

Clarke on the other hand knew that Wells' plan was a foolhardy one. His father was emotionally distant. He would never notice, let alone appreciate Wells' attempt to honor his parents. That was the only reason she could live with herself after convincing Wells to get a timer.

She knew she was being incredibly selfish, but she just had to know. She could never commit fully to Wells until she did. What if they decided to forget the timers and start a life together.
What would happen if a few years in the future her timer activated. What would happen when she met this soul mate? The life that she had with Wells would be torn apart. Clarke couldn't do that. It was better to find out now. Before she got hurt. Before Wells got hurt.

Taking Wells' hand, Clarke took a deep breath and started walking inside. The receptionist greeted her by name and with a friendly yet condescending smile. She had witnessed all of Clarke's failed attempts at finding the One. The receptionist led them into a room where they were met by a man certified to implant the timers. The man introduced himself and launched into a spiel that Clarke had almost memorized.

"So there is a fee for implantation and then there is another fee per month until you have found your soulmate. There are no refunds if you are not satisfied with the results."

"Uh...why wouldn't I be satisfied with the results?" Wells interrupted nervously.

"True love comes in different forms. It's not always love at first sight. Sometimes feelings develop over a period of time. Or sometimes it is a situation of enemies turned lovers." The man said as he turned to reach for something behind him.

"They have pamphlets" Clarke whispered in Wells' ear. Wells snickered as the man turned back and handed him a pamphlet.

"You can read all about the different types of love in this pamphlet."

"Thank you." Wells politely took it. "Is this going to hurt?"

"You feel a sharp pinch and it will be sore for a short period after, but it goes away quickly."

"Okay." Wells looked nervous. Clarke took his hand and smiled at him,

"It's okay, I don't even remember the pain."

"Clarke you had yours put in ten years ago." Wells reminded her, not that she needed the reminder of how long she had been searching for the One. Noticing her expression Wells squeezed her hand. "Hey it's okay. Even if I'm not your One you will still find him. I promise you that he is out there. And if I am your One then your search is over."

"Here we go." The man said as he positioned a plastic looking gun contraption over Wells' wrist. Clarke and Wells both took a breath as the man squeezed the trigger.

"Ah Damn!" Wells swore as he rubbed his wrist. Then he and Clarke both looked anxiously at it, waiting for it to kick in. After a few seconds, numbers started filling the rectangle implant.

547D 13H 23M 38S

"547 days, 13 hours and 23 minutes." Wells said breathlessly.

"A year and a half." Clarke said, trying to keep the disappointment out of her voice. In her gut she had known that Wells wasn't the one, but she hadn't been able to admit it until she saw his timer. Still, she had hoped...she always hoped.

"That's great timing. I'll be finished with school and having a wife and a family will make running for office easier. Everyone loves  a good family man." Wells was so caught up in his excitement that he didn't pick up on the slight tremor in Clarke's voice. Not that Clarke could blame him, he was getting everything she wished she could have. And following in his father's footsteps and running for office had always been a dream for Wells.

"I'm really happy for you Wells." She said, this time he looked up at her.

"Oh Clarke, I'm so sorry. I didn't even think."

"No don't worry about this. We knew this was a possibility. I really am happy for you."

"We'll find your timer evading soulmate Clarke. I know we will."

"Thank you. I'm actually just going to go. I'm going to be late for an appointment." Clarke lied as she rushed out of the room. She ignored the receptionist questions, keeping up her pace until she was out the door. As soon as her feet hit the pavement she broke into a run. Forcing the tears down she focused on her feet pounding against the ground. Tears would solve nothing. She had to remain positive. She would find her One, even if she had to personally drag every timerless available man to get a timer.
Maria Pov:
"Maria get your lazy ass up" my brothers yells from downstairs.
"Okay! I am coming geez wait a minute" I yell back
Gosh why do brothers have to be so annoying. I know we are starting a new school, but really I need my beauty sleep. Today is my fist day at Springs High School, I am so excited.
I hop out of bed take a shower with my favorite body scrub. After the shower I put on a pink skirt and white shirt. Then I straighten my long brown hair. I put my cherry lipgloss on, then I am done.
I go to where the stairs are but instead of walking down, I go on the banister and slide down.
"Weeeeee" I yell while sliding down the banister.
I have fully slid down the banister and one of my brothers ,Toby, roles his eyes at me. Oh well he is missing out. My brother Toby is one year older than me he is 17, while I am 16. Then there is Chris who is 15 and Cole who is 18. My parents are rarely home they are always on business trips. That is what they say, I never really see them. It sucks a lot but now me and my brothers have a special bond. We are always there for each other no matter what.
I walk into the kitchen and am greeted by my other brothers Chris and Cole. They are so immature for there ages but so am I oh well.
Yay, I have to ride with my two idiot of brothers! Wish me luck!
Authors Note
Hi guys,
Here is my first book. I hope you guys enjoy it and please leave feedback. Criticism means a lot to me I want to make this the best it can be.
Ri m.
It's midnight. And I'm STILL watching YouTube. I'm just watching Jc Caylen videos. OH MY GOD, I LOVE HIM. I never met him or any famous people. I know. Sad, right? Right now, I'm watching Just Girly Things. This video makes me laugh sooo hard.
Oh, yeah, My name is Emma Rose, and I am obsessed with o2l. Specifically, Jc Caylen. I'm 5'6, so I'm pretty short. I own a galaxy pennyboard named Starry. I ride it everyday. I have dark brown hair that ends just before my butt. I'm 19 years old, which is Kian's age. I still live with my parents because I decided not to go to college. So, I can't afford to buy my own house. Also, I live in San Diego, California. Okay, let's get back to the story, shall we?
The video ended and I checked the time. My alarm clock read 12:24 AM. I should probably get to sleep...nah. Next, I go on Twitter. My username is @EmmaxCaylen ( it's not real ). I saw a picture that Kian posted on Twitter. @kianlawley tweeted: "aww the little baby is sleeping 😴" and it showed a picture of Jc snoozing away like an angel. I want to sleep with Jc Caylen. One day, one day.
I spent hours with my eyes staring at my laptop screen. The only light source was my laptop. I checked the time again. It was 4:45 AM. Oops. I guess I need to go to sleep now. Goodnight.----------------------------------------------omggg!! my first fanfic on wattpad!! my first chapter!! sorry, it's short. and sorry, if it's lame :/ I gotta sleep now, so comment your opinions about this chapter! and don't forget to vote! ily 💕byeeeeesss ✌🏻️ -E
For my wonderful family and parents with love and admiration.
Hey everyone! For those of you who have read my Le Fandom Book. I regret to inform you that it was deleted. But I made this new and improved version! Some chapters will be copied from my old book. Most however will be new. Read on!
First this is a Sequel to True Love Never Dies. If you did not read that I highly suggest that you do or you will be really confused.
Second I forgot in the first book to add they ages so here we go.
Maddie-15
Louis-16
Mackenzie-13
Brooke-20
Detective Kyle ( New character)-32
Those are all the main characters but there will be more but no important ones.
I hope you guys enjoy this one like you did the first.
I woke up with her name in my mouth for a third night in a row. Tris. It has been four years since she passed, yet my memories of her have been getting more and more vivid and terrifying. For three nights, I have had nightmares, of having watch her die, choking up blood, calling my name, crying for help, and all I could do was watch. A small figure spears in the door. "Is everything okay, Tobias? You scarred the hell out of me!" Cristina whispers. "No. everything is okay. What time is it?" Is ask. "Almost six. Why?" I cringe at the number. That would have been her nickname, if the factions were still intact. I get up. "I'm going for a walk. To clear my mind." I say as I slip on a jacket and a pair of jeans. "Well, I'm going back to bed. And don't wake me up until at least ten." she says, and promptly walks back to her apartment.
〉十〈
The crisp winter air is cold in my face. Her image clouds my mind. These nightmares are worse than my fear landscape, and that is hard to beat. I absentmindedly wave to a post dauntless girl who walks by. I can tell because of the flame tattooed on her neck, and her pierced eyebrows and nose. My body aches with every motion, because of the recent lack of sleep. I try to clog my thinking by going somewhere familiar. On instinct I start for the berau compound, but I stop in my tracks. That's where she died saving her traitor for a brother. I turn around and start toward the dauntless headquarters. I think again; that's where I met her. I immediately turn away from the Ferris wheel. Then the erudite headquarters. But no, I almost lost her there. Everywhere reminds me of her. I feel tears swelling up in my eyes, but quickly blink them away. I can't help but think of all we had, before she left me. I am about to scream in frustration, so I run to the fields beyond the ruins of the wall. my screams and sobs fill the air. I curse to myself under my breath, for thinking for one second that any of this was her fault. I sink to my knees, and put my tear stained face in my hands. "It should have been Caleb!" I scream into the empty air. I feel a hand on my back, small, careful, and soft. Like tris. I turn around, and see her standing there, smiling. I blink and she is gone. It was a hallucination. I quietly turn back to the comfort of my hands.
〉十〈
I lay sprawled out on the grass, the sun just barley peeking over the horizon. It has been about an hour since I calmed down ; I spent the whole time thinking. I know the only way to see her again. I finally sit up, and see a piece of broken glass from the wall. I walk over and pick it up. It is cool in my bare hands, worn with years of neglect, but still sharp enough to pierce skin. I raise it up to my throat, and whisper, "I'm coming, Tris." Then press the shard against my neck, and- "Dammit, Tobias, don't you do what I think you're about to do! Christina. I turn around, and she is standing there, holding a gun in my general direction. "This is the third time this month you've tried suicide, and the third time one of us has talked you out of it! Do you really think tris would want that?" She is breathing heavily, a bead of sweat rolling down her forehead. "Drop the glass. drop it, or I'll shoot." I release, and hear it hit the ground. Christina lowers her gun. "How did you know I was here?" I ask. "You were screaming. Again." In silence, we both walk back to the apartments.
Hey im Jaidyn Colby Messi and its the last day of summer. Its going to be awful being the new kid at a new fucking school.John Adams high school is in New York and is supposed to be one of the best schools ever and my last school was horrible.That's basically the only reason I'm going to a different one.My mom and dad thinks I should get a better education.  Let me tell you about my life and family I live with my dad but I occasionally see my mom everyday.My dad divorced my mom because she was caught with my dad's work friend doing anal.I don't blame her she was only getting back at him for screwing around with her bestfriend.But I have an 11 year old sister named Rebecca and a 21 year old brother Rj which is short for Robert Junior. I barely see him but when I do we have bro time because why not? I have absolutely no words to describe Rebecca except for she's the biggest bitch I've ever met and I hope no guy falls for her because she'll rip his heart to pieces.But damn she's a bitch.   I'm not really social but im not anti-social.I have a couple friends that a hang out with Jacob,Samantha,Ciara,and Adam.I'm gonna miss them like hell but I still text them  everyday and hang.We usually just chill at the mall or Ciara's because she has the best food and always has WiFi.My friends Ciara is the type to always say "technically"and Jacob is the one to be flirtie with all the girls including Ciara and Sam but never go for them.Then there's Sammie who is always sarcastic but she's loving amd caring and always plays around.Then there's me who is just the smart one who never likes staying home and is always trying to leave. We mostly text on kik, but I do have snapchat and facebook.   I seriously hope at this school I won't be an outcast or a loser.I wanna be popular and cool..I mean who wouldn't? Good thing we already went school shopping, I just need hope that I can find my classroom without getting lost.At this school it starts at 8a.m at my old school it started at 7a.m.Atleast I get an extra hour of sleep!BzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzbzzzI check my phone and see its a text from Ciara.Ciara:Wanna join group chat on kik with Jacob and Sammie?Me:Yea add me inCiara:kk You've been added to a chatCiara:Heyyy everyoneJacob:What's up babe?Sammie:HiiiiiMe:Hey guysCiara:Nothing you?Jacob:Nothing bored asf Sammie:Jaidyn kik me now!Me:Okay geez must be importantSammie:It is!!   *Leaves Group Chat*I get off kik and goes to messaging.Sammie:Omgggg guess what?!?!Me:What?Sammie:I know someone who likes youuuuuMe:Fr?WhoSammie:This girl named Brooke Me:Oh do I know her?  Sammie:Don't think soMe:Well then idk can i meet her?Sammie:She's really shy.So I'm not sure of she wants to meet or notMe:Oh...ok then?Sammie:Well that's all.Byeee bestfriendMe:See ya Sammie That was the end of our convo, after that I tried to take a nap but I couldn't so I just put on roger rabbit by Sleeping With Sirens and blasted it till I fell asleep.I woke up by a pounding on my door I tried to block ot out but of course it didn't work"JAIDYN OPEN THIS DOOR!"Rebecca yelled."Come in come in" I mumbled.She opened the door almost knocking it down."You need to get up!"she said shaking me."Why???"I questioned."Because you need to help me get the cereal of the top shelf...."she pleaded."No..ask dad"I argued trying to go  back to sleep."Because he's at the grocery store."she mentioned. "FINEE!!!!"I yelled I got up and pushed her out the way.I walked downstairs and got the cereal from the shelve and slamed it down on the counter.My sister was just staring it at me..."What?!?!"I remarked."Why are you so mad? I just asked for cereal"she said tearing up ready to cry."Sorry...I just never get sleep anymore beck you know I wouldn't be this mad cause you asked me for cereal.."I apologized walking towards her."Its okay Jay"She accepted hugging him.He just hugged back then nuggied causing her to softly punch him in the gut.She got her cereal and my dad came back a couple minutes later. I got my bag ready for tomorrow and went back to sleep.

Chapter 1Soft delicate voices echo the room, with the 'happy birthday' tune faintly playing in the background. I glance around the room in pride, seeing my whole family under one roof to celebrate my baby boy's second birthday is such a special feeling. I peek up at Christian and watch him singling along softly, looking at our little boy in awe.
"Make a wish teddy" Christian whispers, as Ted looks up at his father with excitement glowing in his beautiful grey eyes. Ted inhales a little breath and uses all his force to attempt to blow out the remaining candle.
The room erupts in applause, as one by one the grey's, followed by mum, Bob and Ray and Ethan shower Teddy with cuddles and kisses, drowning him with love and affection. My boy is so lucky to be able to grow up in such a large loving family- something that I never had the pleasure of experiencing due to being an only child.
I lean over Ted to pick up his birthday cake an make my way to the kitchen. Sometimes, it still takes me by surprise with how wealthy Christian is- how wealthy I now am. What did I do to deserve all of this?
The kitchen is airy and spacious. The White cupboards snake along the edge of the room with charcoal grey marble work surfaces, and a breakfast bar dominates the centre of the kitchen. The touches of red from the paintings brighten up the place immensely. I gaze up at the paintings of the 3 peppers and am taken back to the delicious memories of our honeymoon. How perfect it was. My husband really does spoil me.
I am interrupted from my reverie due to Christian snaking his arms around me from behind, caressing my petite baby bump as he kisses me below my ear.
"How are you feeling Mrs Grey? I don't want you taking on too much" I roll my eyes at him, oh my overprotective megalomaniac husband.
"I know you're rolling your eyes at me" he says, amusement evident in the tone of his voice. How does he do this, it's like he can read my thoughts.
"Oh Christian, it's just a party and a few paper plates, it's hardly much of a challenge"
"I know. Just take it easy, you know I worry about the three of you". Three of us? Oh yes, me Ted and blip two.
"Does auntie Ana want a cuddle before we go?" Kate beams at me. Christian releases me, reluctantly I think.
"Oh auntie Ana would love a cuddle" I respond sweetly as Kate places baby Ava in my arms.
Ava is Kate and Elliott's two month old daughter, she's the spitting image of Kate although she has Elliott's eyes. Christian bends down and kisses her on the head before moving to the other side of the kitchen, his eyes filled with love. He really is smitten with her.
"Oh Ana, in three months we'll have our girls finally together, they're going to be best of friends". I grin at her, the thought never crossed my mind but I suppose they will.
"I'm sure they will." I grin up at her.
"Not long now, how are you feeling incidentally?"
"Better, although the morning sickness still hasn't stopped" I say, for honesty's sake.
"Oh Ana, I feel for you I really do, you've had such a rough time with this pregnancy" she looks sympathetic and sincere. I note Christian listening discreetly, and he's failing to hide the concern on his beautifully sculptured face.
"Oh really, it's not that bad, the reward at the end is worth it anyway".
Elliott bounds in the kitchen, Christian is once again back at my side after having made Teddy's bedtime bottle.
"Come on baby, time to go" Elliot put calls, as he moves towards Kate, wrapping his free arm around her shoulder whilst placing the car seat on the counter top. I hand baby Ava to Christian. He holds her close to his body as he sprinkles kisses on her forehead before handing her back to Elliott.
I stand at the entrance to the front door, Christian by my side carrying Theodore as we wave away the remaining guests. Boy what a day this has been. Who knew that a two-year-olds party could be so exhausting and draining. Christian looks down at me, lifting my chin so that my eyes meet his.
"You look exhausted, let's get the three of you in bed".
I emerge from the shower,feeling as fresh as a daisy, I have dried my hair and am just wrapped in my fluffy cream robe. I stop outside Ted's bedroom door and head the faint voice of Christian "I am the lorax" - our baby boy's favourite nighttime story. As I pop my head around the door Christian closes the book and stands, planting a kiss on Ted's head before coming to meet me in the hall. Enveloping me in his arms, he holds me to him, although only my pregnant belly meets him- he kisses me on the head and I take a moment to appreciate his smell- the smell of Christian, he smells like home. We walk hand in hand to the bedroom across the hall- conveniently close to Ted's bedroom to keep our minds at ease, although Christian is still too over protective.
As we enter the room, Christian pulls the cover aside and gestures for me to get in, I lay on the plump pillow and watch the floor show- Christian, taking off his shirt and jeans and slipping on some pyjama bottoms before removing his watch. The bed tilts as he comes to lay beside me. He turns to face me, his dusty grey eyes meet mine, and in this moment, I am stunned by the amount of love I have for this man. Even after three years, that feeling that I got when I first met him remains, and he really is all mine.
"Good day, Mrs Grey?" Oh I'll never get tired of hearing that.
"Fantastic day, Christian, thank you!" My eyes shine at him.
"Why are you thanking me?" He frowns at me, obviously confused by the statement.
"Just for giving me this amazing life" he smiles his shy smile.
"And I you Ana, I don't know where I would be if I hadn't met you"
"Probably still up on your piano playing sad music" I smile and he gazes down at me, his expression sincere.
"I mean it Ana, I couldn't have dreamt of a better life, me, you, ted and this little one" he spreads his fingers across my belly, he's now propped up on his elbow.
"You're everything to me, all of you are".
"Oh Christian" I reach up to him and kiss him, the kiss is heated and passionate, abruptly Christian pulls back, breaking the precious contact between us.
"Right, sleep, we have to be up for work tomorrow, turn around" I oblige, Turning round as he pulls me into his chest. He rhythmically strokes my bump as I fall into a peaceful sleep.
I awake with a start. What time is it? It's still dark. Glancing over the alarm clock I see that it is 4:53- why am I awake at this hour? Abruptly my body hurls over, shit. I'm going to be sick. Not this again. I fly to the en suite bathroom, kneeling in front of the toilet and emptying the contents of my stomach into it. Within seconds Christian is by my side, he moves my hair out of my face, holding it in a makeshift ponytail with one hand and stroking my back with the other. I can't believe that vomiting is so draining, my whole body just feels so tired and weak.
"You okay?" Christian asks softly, he sounds concerned.
I nod. My head rested on my crossed arms on top of the toilet seat. I don't have the energy to speak.
"Do you feel like you're going to be sick again?" I shake my head.
"Come, let's get you back to bed." He pulls me up and holds me in his arms.
"Wait, let me brush my teeth".
Christian waits patiently as I do. I really do have the most caring husband. I'm so lucky. We return to the bedroom and I sit on the bed, my head in my hands.
"Wait there" Christian leaves the room. Where is he going?
Precisely three minutes later, he returns with a large glass of water.
"Drink this." I look up at him, I don't want drink I want to sleep.
"Drink. Now, Ana". I drink most of what's in the glass. I instantly feel better.
"Come, go back sleep, you don't have to be up for a few hours yet".
"Let me just go and check on Ted"
"Ana he's fine, I've just looked in on him, he's sound asleep, which is what you should be doing".
I climb back into bed and before I know it, I'm back in Christian's arms, and dreaming of my copper haired little boy, and the tiny pitter patter of pink shoes.
Chapter 2
"Mummy, mummy!" I am woken from my dreams by Ted bounding on my bed and calling me. I flutter my eyes open and beam up at him, he's showered, dressed and he's had his breakfast. He jumps down, wrapping his arms around me and kissing me on my cheek before putting his head back between my neck and shoulder.
"Good morning baby boy" I kiss his little ear as he giggles and struggles out of my hold.
"Teddy be careful with mummy remember, she's carrying your little sister". Ted abruptly sits up, putting his ear to my belly.
"Baby!" He shrieks as Christian comes to sit beside me on the bed.
"Ted, do you know what your baby sister is called?" Christian asks, excitement evident in his tone.
"Baby!" He answers, his eyes glowing.
"Your little sister is called Phoebe" Christian giggles as he responds patiently to our son.
"Beebee?" He says. Testing the word. He puts his mouth where he had previously placed his ear.
"Beebee! Beebee" he shouts. I giggle, sitting up and stroking his head.
"Right Ted, mummy needs to get up and get dressed" I say to him as Christian stands, picking Theodore up as he does.
"You're still going to work?" Christian frowns. He looks irritated. Well he clearly is. He's dressed in a crisp white shirt, grey flannel pants, and his tie loose. He's already showered by the smell of it.
"Christian of course I'm going to work" I snap.
"But you were ill this morning".
"Christian that's because I'm pregnant, I'm not disabled. I am more than capable of going to work, I feel fine now. And thankyou for getting Ted ready this morning, it was a big help".
"Anastasia, you don't have to thank me, I'm his dad, that's what dads do, but I meant what I said, I don't want you taking too much on and stressing yourself out. It's dangerous for you and the baby". I grin up at him, oh my over protective fifty. Always worrying.
"Honestly I'm fine, I'll come home if it gets too much, I love you" I reach up and kiss him and he kisses me back.
"And I you, Ana, we'll be downstairs, I'll let you get ready" he kisses me once more and leaves the room, holding Ted on his hip. What a lovely way to wake up- to my boys.
Within twenty-five minutes I am showered, dressed and made-up. It's amazing how quickly you learn to dress once you're a parent. I make my way downstairs into the kitchen area. Christian is standing in front of Ted who is sitting on the counter of the breakfast bar. Teddy is playing with Christian's tie and I suspect this is the reason that his tie was loose this morning. Mrs Taylor is busy making breakfast.
"Good morning Ana, what would you like for breakfast?" She asks sweetly. Thank god that she's over the 'Mr's Grey' formality.
"I'd like some granola please Mr's Taylor" I reply equally as sweet.
Christian looks at me bemused, but wisely holds his tongue. I don't like eating big breakfasts, he needs to understand this.
Once I'm finished my breakfast I walk over to Christian and Teddy. His little arms fly apart as I reach for him, placing him on my hip although it's a little uncomfortable. So, it's 8:24 and we're all dressed and ready. Not bad timing really.
"Teddy will you let daddy hold you whilst mummy puts her coat on?" I ask gently.
"No" Teddy refuses and clings around my neck tighter. He smells lovely. I should let Christian get him ready in the mornings more often. Although I do love doing it.
"We're going in daddy's brum brum". His eyes widen. He loves going in the car. He leans over as Christian reaches out for him, holding him close as he kisses his hair.
Voodoo me,
Take my clothes,
Puncture my skin,
Let everybody know

I'll never be gone,

Tables spinning,
Tea mugs floored,
Years to clean
My poppy-inked soul,

Front house trees,
Creaked by the wind,
Shaded on me
Like gangs on virgin,

The roses free,
Gave pink (ones) to me,
They always rot too quickly,
'Cause you hurt me,

You want to hurt me,
'Cause you still care,
I had slipped away,
I'll slip again,

The water running,
I'm running after,
You won't find me,
I'm in the shower,

The sun goes red
To blue and cold,
I'll sleep to dream
Like I am old,

I'll paint the sky,
I'll live the lie,
Into the waves,
I'll be where I'm always,

I'll never be gone.
Caleb wakes me up early in the morning, around 6am."Beatrice, the trucks loaded, we gotta go in about an hour." He says."Thanks Caleb." I say, whipping the sleep from my eyes.I text Lucy
Hey-BHeyo! How you feeling-LLittle bit sad for leaving-BYou're gonna do just fine-LI know I'm just gonna miss you-BAwh Bea, don't make me cry-LGtg, they're taking all my furniture in the van-BIt's all happening so quick! Don't forget me! And remember to give me update everyday!!!!-LWhy would I ever forget my bestfriend? I'll update you as much as possible! Talk later x- BAlright have fun! -LWill do! X -B
I put my phone in my pocket and go into the bathroom to shower. I get out 15 minutes later and dry my dripping wet hair with my hair dryer and pack it into my suitcase. I get dressed into a Blue and white ombré top and some leggings and throw on my purple vans.I pack my suitcases up and mum takes them downstairs. I kiss my door and say goodbye to the home I've had since I was born, then hop into the truck.
The journey is long and tiring, I fall asleep half way through. Then we arrive. The house is a beautiful wood cladding on the outside that is painted light blue. There are steps up to the front door. I smile and hop out of the van. I smile. Mum tells me that there is a family next door. I hope they're nice, I could do with some friends here. There's a tree in-between two of the windows of the neighbours house and ours. -time lapse-
It's two days later, we've fully settled in and the family next door are really nice. It's a man and a son. The son happens to be quite cute actually. His name is Tobias.
I sit in my bedroom in the morning at about 8 o'clock, Tobias knocks on my window, smiling. I open the window.
"Hey." He says"Hey!" I say"How are you?" He says, sitting on the bed next to me."I'm alright, what about you?" I ask"I'm..." He pauses "Yeah I'm fine." "You sure?" I ask, placing a hand on his back."It's just-" he pauses again. "No-it's nothing.""Tobias-" "I'll see you at school." He says and places a kiss on my check, I blush.
Heya people welcome to my 30 day challenge
Each day I will be blogging about the chosen subject about that day, it's basically a Q & A but instead of you giving me truths, there already copied down here.
I will post everyday no matter what :3 (promise?) anyway...
Oh yea I won't be doing day 4 cause I have no religion so any ideas plse put them in the comments
I think that's all, I fell like I'm missing something...
:3 actually I know
THANK YOU SO MUCH GUYS FOR READING THIS SHIT I WRITE I STARTED OUT ON WATTPAD FOR JUST SO I COULD COMMENT ON A STORY I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD EVER POST ONE :3 ALSO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR 100+ FOLLOWS :)
IT MEANS SO MUCH TO ME SO THANK YOU.
Any way thanks guys
DARK
OUT
PEACE
Oi. This is, ah, me. I guess. A book of randomness, as said in the title, and, eh, yeah. Um... bye.
©2015 by Britney O.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, thank you.________________________________
The thick humid air filled in the bathroom. Knelt down in the corner of the shower trying to get my mind together I stopped crying. I stopped but I wanted to cry more, I wasn't done and I'm not going to cry later on. The thick air caught up to me making it hard to breathe, but I didn't mind, I didn't mind at all.
3 hours later
The midnight sky soothed me to sleep as a hummed to Ms.Holiday in the background.
Good morning, heartache, here we go againGood morning, hearache, you're the one who knew me whenMight as well get used to you hangin aroundGood morning, heartache, sit d-
ring,ring,ring
outbursted the phone interrupting the song. I looked at it as it rang but finally picked up at the last ring.
"For crying out loud Janet! You can't keep me here waiting for you to pick up the damn phone. Anyways, we've gotta put you back on track. The label is expecting you to come up with another album before the end of this year." Said my manager, Mark.
"I pick my own damn phone when I feel like it and why? I thought I was on break?"
"4 years Janet, 4 fucking years. You've went out into hiding ever since you were done with everything for your last album, the world basucally doesn't even think you exist."
"Well let them think that."
"Ugh, well be by the studio tomorrow by 7."
"7 at night?" I asked with a bit of an attitude.
"Morning."
"Wh-" Mark had hung up before I could even reply. I went back to the balcony where I took in all the dark night sky and stars that tinkle above me. At that moments Sade's Smooth Operator started to play on my cassette full of classics.
No need to ask, he's a smooth operatorSmooth operatorSmooth operatorSmooth operator
Coast to coast, LA to Chicago...
I started to think back about Darrell.. Darrell, Darrell, Darrell....
The year of 93', I was topping charts all over the place while Darrell was dropping ki's all over the world. I was his good girl and he was my bad boy, we were inseparable even through the shit he put me through.
We had it all until that night.
Flashback to 95'
"Aww baby, I'm missed you." I cooed as we shared a kissed.
"Yeaaaa, now I can make some babies with my baby."
"Boy bye." I said causing us to laugh.
"Nah but forreal, I missed you too shorty." He said threading the line of kissing into a makeout. We barely left the doorway but at least the door was closed. Darrell had pulled up my dress a bit to slide his hands in but the next thing you knew shattered glasses was every where and Darrell's dead body was collapsed on top of me.
End of Flashback
I found myself drinking shots of Brandy as I re-lived the memory in tears in bed. As time went by, I drowned in my pools of tears to sleep with an empty glass in hand.
Wedding Series
Hi guys! As you can already probably guess, this is a Dilmer preference book!
I honestly don't have a clue what to say, so I guess; Happy Reading!
-A
This story is set in a time period without modern technology.
It was the eve of the blood moon, and a ferocious thunder storm had hit. Lightning striking every 10 minutes, edging ever closer to the Redfern household.
"KAITLYN!!" Lewis shouted as he ran inside out of the storm.
Kaitlyn screamed in agony as the baby was on its way.
Draco, their two year old son, was sat in the corner crying. Unable to comprehend why his mother was crying and screaming.
"I... It's coming!" Kaitlyn yelled
"I know I know. Don't worry Kaityln, the doctor is on his way"
A few minutes passed and the doctor had arrived and rushed over to Kaityln to help her deliver her child.
.....
A few hours had passed and the clock struck midnight. And then, the child was born.
"It's a girl!" The doctor smiled. He cleansed up the child and handed her to Kaitlyn.
Kaitlyn looked down and smiled and the beautiful newborn cradled in her arms.
"What shall we call her?" Lewis asked
"Skarlet. Skarlet Krystal Redfern"
Little did they know that the birth of this child could mean the complete resurrection of humanity, or total extinction.
Rikka Otsuka:
"Rikka-chan! I'm home!" This must be Juuzou.
"Juuzou-kun!" I shouted back, very happy that he was finally home. Because of his work, I didn't see him often.
"Come here! I want you to meet someone!" he said, then giggled.
Meet someone? Along with his voice, there was another one;
As I got closer to the living room, the strange voice became more clear. As soon as I opened the door, Juuzou's laugh followed the noise the door made. I was beyond happy that I finally saw him, what made me unhappy was the unfamiliar face that sat on the couch laughing too.
"Um.." I mumbled, trying to get his attention.
"Rikka-chan!" he shouted once again, rose up from the couch to give me a tight hug, spinning me around; "This is my girlfriend, Rikka! Rikka-chan, this a friend that I met at Hatori's restaurant, Kou Iwai." he said as he put me down.
"Nice to meet you." He smiled. His voice was way different than Juuzou's, his voice was very deep. He gave me a bad vibe, but for Juuzou's sake, I'll get along with him. He seems very happy with him here, and who am I to ruin his happiness?
"Yeah, nice to meet you too." I smiled.
"Your girlfriend is pretty cute, you're lucky, man." Kou said, patting his shoulder.
"I know right?" Juuzou said, looking at me. My face turned red.
We watched all night horror movies and almost burned the kitchen because of Juuzou's cooking. Guess this "Kou" wasn't that bad.
~~
Every time Juuzou was at work, Kou would come here often and hang out with me. We would go to candy shops, parks, he even went with me to the mall! But to be honest, I wished I would do this with Juuzou. Today, I'm making pancakes for Juuzou with Kou! It was around the hour Juuzou would return from work, he will be very happy when he sees this! After that, I planned for us three to go to the summer festival to watch the fireworks. Well, first I planned to go only with Juuzou, but since Kou is already here, why not?
"Wow! These pancakes look so good! I can't wait for Juuzou-kun to see this!" I squealed, looking at the pancakes.
"Yeah, good job, Rikka-chan." Kou smiled, patting my head.
I put the pancakes in a plate along with some syrup.
He'll love them. I said to myself, smiling even wider.
"I'm gonna wait for him in the living room." I said, exiting the kitchen.
Just as I opened the living room's door, the apartament's door was slammed and a cheerful voice shouted "I'm home!"
"Juuzou-kun!" I yelled, and as soon as he noticed me his smile widened.
"Hi, Rikka-chan!" He said as he made his way to me.
"I made pancakes for you! Kou-kun helped me, too!" as I said that, his smile turned into a deep scowl.
"You should thank her." said a third voice from behind.
Juuzou rolled his eyes. "Yeah, yeah."
Trying to break the awkward silence that fell over them, I said, tugging his sleeve, "Come to eat some pancakes! Before, you, Kou and I will go to the summer festival to see the fireworks!"
"Wait. We made plans only for the two of us!" Juuzou asked, stading still.
"Don't be such a pain, Juuzou. She's just only being kind." Kou said, venom in his voice.
"Oh, yeah? Then I'm not going. Have fun with my girlfriend." Juuzou said with a click of tongue.
"Um..Let's eat pancakes!" I awkwardly laughed, scratching the back of my head.
Juuzou clicked his tongue again, "I'll pass." he said as he walked to his bedroom, slamming the door.
I sighed, then turned to Kou.
"I'm sorry but, I can't go to the festival anymore."
"Eh, it's okay. Go and make up with him." Kou said as he exited the apartament.
I sighed once again, heading over Juuzou's bedroom.
"Can I come in?"
An unclear "Whatever." was heard. I opened the door to find Juuzou playing with his stitches.
"Are you done whoring around with that brat?" He coldly said, staring at me with dull eyes.
"What are you talking about?" I asked, taken back by his comment. It made my heart stung and it made my whole body freeze in the spot, he never said such things to me, and this unfamiliar feeling of heartache and numbness was new to me, and not enjoyable at all.
"How many times have you fucked until now? How many times did you held hands, went on dates, hugged, kissed with him?" He rose up from the bed, took my wrists and pinned them on the wall, his face dangerously close to mine, his hot and unsteady breath hitting me. My eyes widened and filled with tears. I felt like passing out, more and more pain brought to my heart with each second his icy eyes pierced mine. His slender hands held mine with force and his gritted teeth made clear that he was mad, no, he was furious. I didn't knew how to react. That's when he yelled, "Don't cry, stupid! Tell me!" making me flinch.
"W-what are you talking about?" I asked once more, biting my lip after to block the tears that were almost falling. He released my wrists, rubbed his temples and turned around, his back facing me.
"Get out." he quietly said. this made my heart stung more and more, my head hurt more and more, my body filling with more and more numbness. I couldn't move, I couldn't think straight. This was our first big fight, yes, we fought over other things but it ended with one of us apologizing after, this time, it wasn't the same. "Are you deaf? I said get out!"
I couldn't take it anymore. I balled my fists, gave my tears a free run over my cheeks and hid my face with my hair. "I hate you, Suzuya Juuzou!" I yelled at him, raising my head from the ground and with blurry sight I glanced at him one more time, noticing his widened eyes, then stormed off the bedroom, almost running to guest room. I spent all my night crying myself to sleep and remembering over and over his words. "How many times did you fucked with him?", "Are you done whoring around with that brat?"
~
It was finally morning, my hair was a mess, my eyes were puffy and my cheeks red from all the hours of crying. I didn't planned to get out of this room, but I really needed a shower.
I opened the door, looking from left to right. My eyes widened as I saw Juuzou sleeping on the floor, in front of the door.
"What are you doing here? Wake up and go to bed." I said, shaking him. Even though he hurt me, I still had the right to care about him.
"Huh?" he asked, rubbing his eyes. As soon as he saw me, his hands went to my neck bringing me to his chest, then rolled on top of me.
"Rikka-chan!" he yelled, looking at me with a big smile on your face. I blinked several times, he was not the Juuzou from yesterday.
"I'm so sorry for what I said yesterday!" he said, planting sloppy kisses all over my face, "Please forgive me! I was just angry! I wasn't thinking when I said those things!" his head was now resting in the crook of my neck, kissing it after every word.
"Juuzou, that thickles." his kisses didn't thickled, only his short hair that was all over my face. His head rose up, red eyes fixing on me.
"So that means that you'll forgive me?" his red eyes sparkled and he looked so beautiful in that angle. It's not normal to call a boy beautiful, but he was an exception. He was beyond beautiful. I rolled on top of him, both me and him surprised that I did that.
"Maybe."
"Not fair!"
-----------------------
so yeah, here it is. it's my first one-shot, got the suggestion from my friend to be Juuzou x Own Character. xD
sorry if Juuzou was out of character, but I wanted to turn out fluffly and cute sjcjkscksjc
and yeah
requests? :D
Loki sat in the hospital wing with his hands clasped in his lap. He tapped his foot impatiently as he waited for the results of Sweet Aceleve. While Loki cried in agony, someone witnessed aceleve's suicide and called for Thor who dove to rescue her. It was a race against time before the calm black waters completely drowned her lungs. The doctors in asguard are doing everything they can with the technology they have to rescue her but Loki fears it could be too late. He curses himself for not thinking of the possibility she could live. All he felt was the selfish sadness that was in his heart. "Price Loki" a tentative nurse said, gesturing him to follow her into the next room. Loki's breath hitched in his throat has he saw the still dripping wet of his wife laying on the steel table. He looked at the doctor with hope in his eyes "She's in a coma, the lack of oxygen in her brain has shut off communications from the body to the brain so we're going to do everything we can to wake her" the doctor told Loki. He sighed in relief and joyous tears sprang to his eyes"Prince, did you know she was pregnant?" The doctor asked seriously. Loki paused and stared at Aceleve's stomach in shock. "A little prince or princess is growing inside of my wife, I am going to be a father, to a human being. The child will be half God half mortal, impossible" Loki thought to himself. Loki's jaw went slack as he stared at the rise and fall of her miraculously breathing chest. "Are you sure? Is the child still alive?" Loki asked in a rush "Yes, the child is alive and healthy, it is to early to know the sex but we were able to take a relatively clear picture of the child" the doctor said, he reached to a desk behind him and pulled out a black and white picture of a tiny human being, Loki is barely able to tell where the head of the child is. "Because the child is half God half human, the growth speed will almost triple that of a human child, there is a big possibility her body won't survive the birth""But she's also a joten" Loki argued"Yes, but only in mind and power, her body is still that of a humans""But she has the healing power like mine""The child will continue to break her bones and body and the restoration won't be able to keep up, or the restoration will take all of her mind concentration and power that it will kill her anyway" The doctor said with sadness in his voice. "That can't happen. What can I do?" Loki begged"Right now, nothing. The machine will keep her alive until the child is fully developed. Then we will either have a C-section operation or Aceleve will be able to wake before then. We're hoping Aceleve will be awake for the birth of her child" the doctor said. Loki sighed and clenched his jaw together. He nodded and walked out the room, heading towards the library. He needs to find out more about the cheen connection, he felt it be destroyed. Even if her brain is asleep at the moment he should still be able to feel her pain. He walked down row after row of books until he came across the one he needed. Loki found a empty table and placed the book down. He searched and read every page without any luck. "Fuck" he whispered. He slammed the book closed and left it on the table. His boots stomped the polished floors as he walked to the bifrost. Odin had forbidden the use of the Bifrost because of the mysterious death of Roy, but that wasn't going to stop Loki, he needed to speak with the jotens. Because of Aceleve's false death Loki never went through with the New York destruction plan, he called everything off and returned the tesseract to its pedestal for the time being. He still plans to be ruler, he just wants his queen at his side.  "Evening prince Loki" Heimall greeted him. Loki didn't reply and gave him a ugly sneer, loki still blames heimdall for the horrific accident that happened to Aceleve and Roy. But he is still the gatekeeper, so Loki still has to see him. "To jotenheim please" Loki asked as politely as possible"I'm sorry prince but no, king Odin had prohibited any traveling to other realms" Loki glared at him from the corner of his eye"Do it now" Loki commanded. "No. King Odin's command comes before yours" heimdall said with authority in his voice. Loki growled and scrunched his pale nose in anger. He didn't reply and stormed out of the giant room. "I will find who did this Aceleve, I promise" Loki vowed again, he walked across the rainbow bridge, anxious to get to Thor.
Hey guys omg first chapter!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhh!!! So if you haven't read the first book don't read this one! You will be so confused. Instead go to my page and read it! Anyways have a good day and dont forget to vote and to get my sequal out to the world! Allons-y and stay fantastic! :)
"Only two hours left until I meet my soul mate." Dean thought while he was showering. He barely slept that night, staying up and wondering what his soul mate would look like. Dean didn't know what to expect. A girl or maybe a boy? What would his parents say if it was a boy? Dean knew he was bisexual for a while now, he just hasn't told his parents yet. However, he did tell his little brother Sam. Dean knew Sam wouldn't judge him. Sam was very open minded. God he loves his little brother.
Dean got out of the shower and looked at his wrist. One hour, forty-five minutes and two seconds left. He dried himself of. "Should I try to dress a bit nicer today?" He thought. He eventually went with jeans, a dark t-shirt, a plaid shirt and the samulet his brother gave him. After that he put on his boots and walked downstairs.
Dean could already smell the breakfast his mom, Mary, made him. He walked into the kitchen and said "good morning Sammy!" to Sam. "Good morning Dean and it's Sam not Sammy." Sam replied. "Sure Sammy." Dean said. "Good morning Dean, how did you sleep?" his mom asked. Dean loved his mom to death. He could always talk to her about everything. "Not very good, mom" he said. "I'm nervous." Mary smiled softly and said "It will be fine Dean, don't worry." I hope she's right.
After I ate my breakfast I walked outside to my black '67 Chevy Impala. My dad gave me the car when I turned 16 and I love her. I stepped into the car and Sammy sat next to me. I turned on the radio and ACDC was on. Sam reached out to change the channel but I slapped his hand away. "What have I told you Sam? Driver picks the music and-" I said when Sam interrupted me. "Shotgun shuts his cakehole, yeah I get it Dean." Said Sam when he gave me his best bitchface.
The ride was quiet and when I parked baby on the parking lot, Sam quickly got out and almost ran to school, shouting something about going to the library before school starts. "Such a nerd." I say under my breath. There is no point in waiting so I stepped out and started to walked to school.
I looked at my wrist. One hour and seventeen minutes left. I already was nervous but looking at the little clock just made it worse. I was starting to feel sick to my stomach and I think I was about to puke butterflies. While walking further I was trying to calm myself down. It wont be that bad. Mom and dad found each other at high school, also in their senior year. They were happy, so perhaps I would be too.
I walked into the school and towards my locker. There weren't many people around yet, just a few. I grabbed my books out of my locker and the first bell rung. I slowly walked to my first class, science. I walked into the room and sat down on my seat. Fifty-nine minutes and thirty-six seconds left.
I couldn't even hear what Mrs Masters was saying. I couldn't focus and kept looking at my wrist. Silently counting down with the seconds that were displayed. I got more nervous with the second, knowing that I would meet my soul mate next period.
The bell rung and we were dismissed. We had a ten minute break between each class so I went to the toilets and splashed some water on my face. "It'll be alright Dean, you can do this! There is nothing to worry about." After a few minutes of calming myself down I turned of the tap and looked at my wrist one last time. Two minutes and twelfe seconds left.
I got out of the toilets and walked to my next class, english. I walked in the room and looked around. They say you should feel something when you meet your soul mate for the first time. This feeling will tell you who it is. But it didn't matter who I looked at. I just didn't feel anything. Maybe my clock is broken. I started to panic. I looked at my wrist and there were still twenty-seven seconds left. So I just walked to my seat and sat down. "Welcome everybody, I'm Mrs Mills and I will be your English teacher this-" Mrs Mills said when suddenly a scrawny boy with black hair runs in.
"I'm sorry I'm late. I'm new here and I couldn't figure out where the class was. " the new kid said. "That's fine take a seat next to him." She pointed at the empty chair next to me. The kid looked up at me and it seemed like the world stopped. His eyes were the bluest eyes I have ever seen and god he was cute. That was the moment I realized he was my soul mate. I looked at my wrist just to check and it counted down to zero.
The boy took a seat next to me and said: "Hello I'm Castiel and I think you are my soul mate."

A/N
Hi! This is the first one-shot I have ever written so please don't be to harsh. I got this idea from a Tumblr post and when I read it I loved it. So I thought why not write a Destiel version of it? I hope you enjoyed this little one-shot and if you have tips how I can improve my writing then please comment.
Bye XXX
Project 14: Stage 1, The Lockdown.
In which a group of teenagers are memory wiped and locked in a secret hideout. The 8 must face challenges in order to survive... That's what Project 14 is all about though. The previous 13 have failed causing the tributes to die; lets hope 14 is a lucky one.
************Yay Malum af. so yeah new fanfic! Vote plz and all that stuff wooo.
Credz to my-chemical-luke for the cover➰😅
When Alexis Adams, the captain of the senior girls soccer team meets 4 Australian boys, her life, her family and her friends will be changed forever.
As she finds herself falling for a specific someone, she'll face hard battles with herself and others.
Alexis never believed in supernatural beings, she always thought the stories her grandfather told her were just myths.Boy, was she wrong.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Hello people! So I've started this new book Running With Wolves! I've always been into the whole supernatural stuff so I've decided to write about it.
Yes of course 5 seconds of summer will be playing the main characters also.
There will be more supernatural beings in this story, not just Werewolves so beware of that.
This story is full of twists and I have a lot planned so beware.
I hope you enjoy this story!
Love you guys!
- Annie
*Kandi in MM*Kandi P.O.VHey it's the most beautiful girl around... LOL just kidding!!! It's Kandi. I'm 17 years old. And I go to Sedgehill in Bromley. My birthday is the 3rd of August. I'm Leo yay!!! Just like Cara Delevingne. My parents was out of England doing business when I was about to be born. I was unexpected. I was born Dallas and we moved back to Europe when I was four. My BFFL is Shaun. He's my gay nigga. He's so funny whenever I see him I'm in stitches. I'm in this really awesome clique called Bad Bitch University and it consists of my friends Versace, Chyna, Dinah, Avery, Lauren, Hennessy (A.K.A Henny.) and Hayley. I got crush on this boy called Sexy. Yes that's the name on his birth certificate. He also has an identical twin called Handsome but anyway. He always comforts me when I'm sad, watches Pretty Little Liars with me and makes the best brownies! I love him to pieces. He means the world to me. I know y'all probably wanna know my ethnicity and my looks and stuff so I'll tell you that now. I'm 4'8 (I know I'm short.) I have Hazel eyes, caramel skin, short Frozen Raspberry coloured hair. I have really deep dimples. I got pink plump juicy lips that make the boys go crazy. I'm like really thick. Like the thickest in my whole school minus that hoe Paris who got silicone injected into her once flat ass. If I must say I'm the prettiest girl in my school. But anyway my mom is part Chinese part American and my dad is Jamaican Puerto Rican Mexican and Spanish but you'd never know. I have 5 sisters and 3 three brothers. My sisters are called Karis, Caramel, Taylor, Kamri and Princess and my brothers are called King, Daxton and Leroy. My mom is called Honey and my dad is called Ivan but everyone calls him Five and I don't know why. My idol is Nicki Minaj, I wanna meet her so bad!!! I love Fifth Harmony, my favourite is Lauren. Kylie Jenner is my Fashion Icon. Pia Mia is my favourite singer. Nene is my favourite Housewife. My favourite colour is Pink. My fave Kardashian is Khloé. I wanna be a supermodel and I love Unicorns.
Tonight must be the most I have ever been so terribly stressed out. Usually, I can work through it. Tomorrow I will begin my first day at the University of Music & Arts in Mayflower, Washington. First of all, I have lived my entire life in Pennsylvania. I've only just moved here 3 days ago. My parents dropped me off with a kiss and goodbye. Second of all, my whole life is back in Philly. My friends, my family, my dog Jupiter, all of them aren't here. But I am. I was so excited to come here and have this new experience and here I am scared out of my mind and, oh my god, my hands are shaking. Stop it Cleo! I'm driving myself crazy. I suddenly jerk at the vibrating on my desk. Piper is calling me.
"Hello?" That might have sounded sharper and angrier than I intended.
"Damn, Cleo."
"Sorry, it's just-" She stopped me there.
"Look, just calm down. This is exactly why I called." Her laugh trailing behind her last words. Just hearing her voice made me feel so much better, she knew me so well. "Breathe and remember that you are in Washington to pursue your dreams. New experiences are a great thing and can lead to something better. Plus, cute grungy boys."
I bursted out laughing at her last comment. "Piper, just because Kurt Cobain is from this state does not mean every guy will be like him."
"Well, whatever! You know what I mean."
We laughed back and forth for a while and she assured me that everything would be okay. As my nerves eased out, she told me to call her tomorrow with details on my first day. After hanging up, I made certain all of my school supplies were prepared. Then, I brushed my teeth and threw on a loose t-shirt. I don't know if it's because of the mental hell I put myself through or it really is this soft, but I'm loving my dorm room bed.
***
My name is Marie and i am 17 I live with my mom and dad I hate living here cause i get raped by my dad and i never have friends people dont talk about me at school cause they know they will get told off I act like a total different person at school cause I dont want people to see what happens to me behind close doors
Meghan's POV
*ring ring ring*
"omg! its Emmy!"
meghan picked up the phone nervously because Emmy was calling her and its 3 am.
"wtf! Emmy, its 3 in the morning!what do you want?!" Meghan said in an angry voice.
"meg? i cant sleep"
emmy is crying.
"i dreamed about you and charlie not being together."
when emmy said that! i got confused, why would she cry over me and charlie not being together? i have loved charlie since the day i met him. he is sweet, charming, has alot of appeal and what i will never ever for get about him is that he always treats like a lady he's my best friend.
"im so sorry i almost got angry, its ok, if we are not meant to be, then we are not. stop crying okay? im here for you! do you want me to come over?"
"no thanks! just go to sleep because tomorrow is our first day at college. see you tomorrow mallows!"
" ok bye! take care! love you!"
i call my best friends mallows. im really excited for tomorrow, im wondering where is charlie going to study in college. i havent seen him since he transfered in another school at 10th grade and i miss to cuddle him so much! if i saw him, i would ask many different questions.you know what? im still hoping that charlie could notice what i really feel for him and i am madly deeply in love with my puther.
***First day of school***
classes starts at 8:30 and im kinda rushing because i just woke up and im really sleepy and wtfh! I cant be late for the first day of school! i should be more responsible now! its 36 minutes before class starts, i took a bath in 15 mins. i wore a black pencil skirt, black top and white blazer and put them shades on.
im running and running and running until i bumped into someone but i didnt look back and didnt said sorry because i was in a hurry!
boom!
"ouch! jeez! watch where your going missy!" a familar voice stood up but i didnt see his face because i was picking up my dropped books.
"im late!" i said that while catching my breathe!
Charlie's POV
"ouch!jeez! watch where your going missy" i said that to the girl i bumped into but i think she was in a hurry so i disnt have time to help her in picking up her dropped books.
"im late" when she spoke, i kind of recognize that voice that i've known a long time ago but it was too sad because she ran off.
i shouted "hey miss! you dropped your wallet!" i said that in a decreasing tone of my voice, i saw her back and i really think i know her. i tried to chase her but it was too late.
i kept the wallet in my bag and went to first period of class. i was so curious about the girl in the shades! so i tried to open her wallet, ther was money and pictures of me! "is she a stalker of mine?" then saw a picture of her when she was younger maybe at 10th grade then i realized... ... ... ... its meghan trainor, my eyes got wide open and my jaw drops and i cant believe it that im studying at the same school with my...uhmmm? true love i guess? Meghan is beautiful,i really felt sad when i left her at 10th grade, she was always bullied and i promised her from the day that we became best friends, she will never ever be insecure of others and she will be confident of herself. there was not a day that i was not thinking about her, i missed her so much and i just want to cuddle her, take care of her, cherish her and love her for the rest of my life. i dont want her looking scared. i love to kiss her!.
Meghan's POV
first day of class was so hagard and now i want to eat! i grabbed my bag and went to lunch. i saw emmy and ashlee and i invited them to sit with me and eat lunch.
"Emmy! Ashlee!"i shouted and they look confused on where is the voice coming from tjen finally they found me.
"OMG! emmy is that meghan over there?" ashlee asks emmy with a happy voice
"yup. she is! thats our mallows! Emmy added.
"oh you Guys, nice to finally see you here. im kinda lonely so would you mind joining me for lunch"
" well i dont heve money" ashlee said it with a sad expression and looks down same with emmy!
"dont worry its my treat!" we all smiled and laugh together.
"sooooo. how is life guys?!" i ask them sincerely with a little smirk in the face.
"its kinda shitty fuck but life goes on! but change topic, i saw charlie earlier this morning" ashlee said that like shes bragging about it because she knows i got i huge crush on him while she is playing with her fork and the pizza!.
"wait!? what?!?, so charlie is studying with us in the same school?" i asked her in a loud voice that i was so happy!
"shut up meghan" emmy said annoyingly
i cant believe it, im so happy and i think im feeling nervous, what face should i show him if theres a chance i meet him today? omg! i cant stop thinking about him. i was inspired by him thats why i wrote him a song called dear future husband but he'll never know that i wrote that for him, you know the feeling that you want to marry and kiss your best friend? that what i feel everytime i see him.
"Holy cow! Emmy! Ashlee! i think charlie was the guy---"
meghan didnt finished her sentence when ashlees' phone rang.
"hold up meg. just a sec!" ashlee pleaded
*Sr.David calling*
"hello? sir?" ashlee said it in a vibrating voice like she is nervous.
"where are you and emmy? i need you to subbmit your paper works now. understood? the guy in the phone replied.
"okay sir, we are on our way" ashlee hung up with an unwanted face and she was like "hell no not now old man!"
"sorry meg! we have to subbmit our works.catch you later toodles! muwah" ashlee said while standing up.
" so sorry meg, but you'll pay for this right? emmy asks me politely and i said
" yeah!sure just go " i replied.
they left me with their sweetest smile and called the waiter to hand me the chit...
" that would be $43 miss"the waiter said.
i looked in my bag and i noticed that my wallet is missing.
"just give me a sec"i said it worriedly, where will i get some money in this kind of situation? grrr!
"okay miss, ill come back later"
Charlie's POV
what meghan doesnt know is that i payed her bill because i was also eating there.
it looks like she is crying because she layed down her head in the table and i kinda hear loud sobs over here. i signaled the waiter to come over and i told him that i will be paying the beautiful lady's bill.the waiter came close to meghan.
"excuse me miss?! i would like to inform you your bill---" meghan cuts off the waiter.
"im so sorry, my wallet is missing" meghan was loudly crying and im just there reading the newspaper but im kinda laughing inside because i miss her so much.
"your bill was payed by the guy there in table 9 wearing a checkered black and white long sleeves miss. thank you"the waiter continued his sentence.
meghan stops crying and she went towards me but she cant see my face yet, she looks so beautiful the day i met her until now!
"excuse me? i dont know you but i promise i will pay you my bill when i find my wallet"
"is this it?" i showed her her wallet with red lips and she was shocked as i put down the news paper and finally she saw my face.
"OMG!"
"hi meghan"
i dont know but while looking at her, i think im inlove again, she looks beautiful with those perfect curves and those attractive and luscious thin red lips. but what is happening? why did she ran away? isnt she happy to see me?i missed her.
"wait meghan!"
AN: hello guys. its my first time to write in wattpad about meghan. she has been an inspiration to me, im not that good at english but im learning, I am a Filipino!please suggest me becauae i am new to this. tnx guys.
Cookie pov
"Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife. To have and to hold...I get lost in Lucious hazel eyes. I remember how we met and strive through the crazy shit.......
New story guys sorry this chapter was short.TAMARBAE kathy136 cookielyon_ FourtifiedTemperance TheLyonessProperty6tris_bella_clary_
this is my first book and I hope u like it. The book has some comedy in it a lil bit in the beginning but it will be more funny as u keep reading. If it seems like am coping from someone else make sure to tell me because I didn't mean to. Please give me your thoughts on what u think. So now I will shut my mouth and let u enjoy the book.                                                                                                                                                      P.s. I really hope u enjoy💜😃☺️😊
You unpack your last box eagerly to get it done. You lay on the bed half on half off, daring to move anymore. You yawn and realize its only 11 am. You groan and get in the shower. Brush your teeth and get dressed. You get your jar of starbucks out of the fridge and gulp it down hoping for energy. You get up to get some fresh air. Opening the door you step forward almost stepping on a small box. You pick it up seeing a logo and cupcakes inside. "Lil miss Fuffet cupcake shop" you giggle at the childlike name. Opening it up you see a pink envelope with a note inside."Hello there an welcome to New York! We hope you stop by our shop someday! We are known for our freshly made cupcakes and warm coffees, we are in need of workers as well. If you would like to accomodate us, fill out the form in the envelope and return to Lil Miss Fuffets cupcake shop on west shore drive. We hope you enjoy the cupcakes! And we hope to see you soon!"-lil miss fuffetYou consider the offer. You would need a job if you were to fuffill your dreams of becoming an actress. That was the reason you came to New York. You take a bite of a red velvet cupcake with vanilla frosting and red sprinkles. Delicious. You walk out the door and breathe in the busy air. Ahhhh. New York. You can easily see west shore drive. It is a big sign and its across the street from your house. You walk down the crowded streets and arrive in front of lil miss fuffets shop. You can see cupcake sets in the windows, and they are beutiful. You walk through breathing in the warm, sweet air. "Hi! How may i help you today?" Some blonde chick asks. "I just got this invintation to come and-""Oh you must be Y/N!" "Yea...i was just coming to-""Right this way""I didnt even fill out the form i just had some questions on-""Lil miss fuffet is in her office at the moment, take a seat here and she will be with you" things just got weird fast. You felt like you were a child. "Lil miss fuffet will see you in a second?" What the actual heck. You felt uncomfortable. Just then the door opened.
Emma: hey guys Emma Flame here and welcome to Ask Sonic Mpreg.
Sonic: hey guys Sonic the Hedgehog here. do you have any food??
Emma: god didn't Shadow feed you
Shadow: ya I did but he want more food
Sonic: not my fault the baby hungry.
Rouge: your going to be fat when the child come out
Sonic: HEY!!!!!
Rouge: sorry hun but that going to happen when you eat too much
Tails: that not true the child does eat everything you put in yourself
Emma: as you can see the whole gang is here so don't be shy ask one of us.
Sonic: see you later guys. SHADOW WHERE THE COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!
Shadow: u ate them all.
Sonic: GO GET SOME MORE!!!!!!
Copyright. All Rights Reserved. Hope you enjoy.
On April 20, 1997, I was born. Dear little Renee Alexander Cooper. I was nothing special from the start. In this world, some people believe that life is a ball of delight and happiness and everything is just going to come to you: family, money, and love. That's just not true.
Two days after I was born, my parents left me on the steps of the Madison Adoption Home for Girls in the middle of the night without a note or anything. Not even caring that one day I was going to grow up and want to know who my birth parents really are.
It took a while but somebody finally found me. Well, heard me more like it. After that day, my life was set. Set on a path of loneliness and disapprove by everybody.
People think that being a baby makes you easier to be adopted. That's not true either.
When I was 2, I was adopted by the lovely lady named Lily Davidson. You may think that my life would be perfect but no. I wasn't even adopted for 15 minutes when a Ford truck crashed us head on killing her instantly. Nobody in her family wanted me. Not even her husband. I was alone once again.
Through my childhood, I saw my friends being adopted left and right. Nobody wanted me. Some people thought I was the devil. Some thought I was cursed. Whatever it was, I never want that to happen.
Life soon took a harder turn. School. School was my only get away and that turned into hell. I was constantly bullied. Bullied because of my hair, clothes, and actions. The teachers didn't care. One day in 4th grade I meet this guy named Ash Taylor and he stood up for me. After that day, things got weird. Nobody bullied me. The people that hurted me what to be my friends out of the blue. The teachers commented me and my friends told me I was special. Ash never talked to me after that and always kept him distance.
In the 8th grade, he left the school. Nobody knew why, he just left without saying goodbye. Starting high school, things got weirder. Everybody stopped talking to me. It was like their lives was on pause. A few days after that incident, everybody turned on me. The teachers, students, and even my friends. It was like they were being controlled to do that. My life at school turned into a nightmare.
Now, its my senior year. Great. You might think it's the best year but no. Super stressful. College. The one main point in life that makes you somebody. I wasn't never going to get there. Didn't have the money. My care taker told me later that day, I had 3 weeks to pack up and move out. Now, I was going to be homeless. Little Renee Alexander Cooper was gone. Now, I had to do something. Anything. And that's when I saw him.
im the leader
I was walking to the playground with my best friend Maiyaa. I loved Maiyaa too bits ( as a sister not in any other way). She was always there for me no matter what and I loved her for that! As I was saying we were walking into the playground and from a distance I could see two boys walking out of the playground. They drawed closer and closer... IT WAS HIM!!! AIDEN AND HIS FRIEND!
They just walked pass us. Curious as ever, I turned around thinking they wouldn't catch me, he turned around as well! I was starstrucked all I could think was.. Why is he turning around? DOES THIS MEAN HE LIKES ME? But I was a bit too happy so I decided to have a spazz attack all over the playground. It's this tingly feeling inside. Your crush automatically makes you go hot. I tell you this, do you want to know how to really know if you like someone? I guess you want to know! Touch your forehead and feel the temperature whenever your around that one person. Then when your around someone else do the same and you'll see if you really like him.
But you know something. When you have a crush you feel so loved and happy so many emotions rush pass you! I really felt that way it's diffrent you know something to enjoy!!!
The next day Maiyaa was ill so I was walking to the playground and I catched up with some of my other friends. "Aleena Aleena turn around." And their he was before me so I quickly turned around shy as ever. The only words I could hear were "She's just a friend".
Yeah right. A friend! But even those words made me happy. I went home early that day as we finished school at 2. I was walking home slowly thinking about everything. When I say everything I MEAN EVERYTHING! My background was good I guess, my dad and grandad worked a family business and owned quite a few houses. While I had my mum my grandma and my sister and two brothers at home. We all loved and sang whenever we got the chance to but my family is teared up. My dad has 4 sisters 2 have departed themselves from our family. Honestly right now I'm so used to never seeing them I don't really care! But deep down it hurts to have such a broken family. Now my grandma and my mum are not best friends at all. They're very similar which makes them the way they are. They can't stand eachother at all! My mum endures it but my grandma on the other hand has to create a problem one way or another. This is what I have to deal with everyday it's one small part compared to everything else that's collapsed in our family.
I think that's why I really loved him. It sounds selfish but in a way whenever I was upset or depressed I'd think of him and say you'll be here.
"Skylar come on we're gonna be late," my brother Harry shouted from the living room. Today we were heading back to Hogwarts. It was out 5th year and I was excited to see my friends again. Unlike Harry, I loved to pull pranks and joke around. "I'm coming, jeez stop bugging me." I shouted back at him. I could practically feel him rolling his eyes so hard that they were gonna pop out of his skull. Without saying another word I jumped into the car with Harry following. As soon as we got in Uncle Vernon started the car and we headed off to Kings Cross. I was so excited I saw my hair turning bright yellow. Most people knew I was a metamophamagus but my Aunt and Uncle didn't even acknowledge it. We arrived at Kings Cross and I immediately jumped out of the car and got my trunk running as fast as possible and ran through the barrier not taking a second to say goodbye. I was looking around for Fred, George, and Lee when I ran into the arrogant git called Malfoy. To be honest yeah he was good looking but I've seen better. "Watch where you're going freak," he says it almost as if it's just a reflex. "Whatever, Lucius." I called him by his middle name since it seemed to bother him so much to be called the same name as his father. At the sound of his name he flinched and turned away, leaving me there to continue looking for my friends. I gave up just before I heard someone calling my name. I turned around just in time to see Fred and George running towards me in slow motion. They did this every single year and we always failed. I began my slow run towards them and all of the sudden I fell backwards as Fred ran into me and we fell. When I analyzed the situation we were in I realized that he was on top of me and his face was extremely close. I could feel my hair turning pink and a blush forming on my cheeks. "Awww, look Georgy she's blushing," Fred said and to be honest he was so annoying. "Shadup," I said angrily as I pushed him off me and flipped off the ground to show off. Then stalked off into the train putting my trunk in the compartment and closing the door before sitting down and taking out my WizPhone. A couple years back me and Fred worked to create phones that worked in and out of Hogwarts. I put my earbuds in and played my music which included Green Day, Panic! At the Disco, My Chemical Romance, and Fall Out Boy. I must've fallen asleep because I woke up to someone tapping me and calling, "Sky, it's time to wake up we're almost there." There was only one person who called me that.....
If you are reading this I am assuming that you are interested in entering the first edition of the Starving Artist Games (S.A. Games for short:)). I am also assuming that you want to know more about this, which is very important and will come through the following chapters. For now, just know that the S.A. Games is a large Hunger Games writing contest where 24 of you will write, kill, and maim for victory! Also, please spread the word :)
But before we get to all that, let's meet a few of our Gamemakers of WattPanem, shall we?
Keke P.O.V
My name is Laura Palmer but people call me Keke. I live in down town New Orleans and I'm 17 years old . Life isn't too good for me right now. I have 3 little sisters  Latoya she's 10  Samantha she's 7 and lastly there's Emily who's 6. Both of my parents are sick and its hard for them to work. But don't get them wrong they would die trying to scarpe up some change to feed our family.Me as the oldest of 4 children I feel like I should set an example for them I get straight A's wear appropriate clothing and stay to myself. When I get older and have children I want them to have the world I don't want them to suffer like I did. Like going a day without eating food, having no lights, sleeping in a van and use the same clothes for the next school year. That's why I try my hardest in school to actually becoming something. People at my school sometimes bully me because I don't wear tight revealing clothing and always raise my hand to answer a question. They might think I'm just a nerd now but watch there going to be asking this "nerd" to spare change. I have one friend at school and that's August Alsina. We really understand each other. I could really say he's my best friend because he's been there for me when me and my family's lights were off he turned them on. I didn't ask him to turn them on I guess he's someone outside of my family that actually cares about me
August P.O.V
Was poppin I'm August Alsina im 17 from Nola ,just a yungin' trying to make a way by selling dope. Life outchea in New Orleans is rough every body broke. Unless your a drug dealer or stripper you can't make a way. My best friend Keke always tells me to stop selling dope and follow my dreams and other shit. But she just doesn't understand that's not for me. Imma thug what I look like going around singing? Mama Shelia and MellyB (R.I.P) always told me that me and Keke would end up together and have big head babies running around. But me and keke, nah where too different don't get me wrong she's fine under them glasses and baggie clothes damn. I remember when I invited her to my pool party I thought she was a whole different person! She had curves, curly wet hair from the pool ,and a lil booty. People always seem to pick on her because they never seen her under the glasses and baggy clothes but if they did she could get any nigga she wanted ya heard meh! I know her and her family struggling right now and I try my best to help her to see her smile again.
Abigail Marie Chase rests her head back on the seat as Derek drove down the road. She held Derek's hand tightly, closing her eyes.
She has four children. Gwen and Garrett Chase were twins, both five. Gwen suffers from anxiety as Garrett suffers from ADHD. Luke and Leslie were the other set of twins, they're both four. Luke suffers from social anxiety and Leslie suffers from Insomnia and an eating disorder where she refuses to eat anything.
"Abby," Derek says, causing Abigail to open her eyes and look at her husband. He wore a blue Superman shirt with his brown hair growing longer and his green eyes full of concern. "Are you okay? You look kind of miserable,"
"I'm fine Derek," Abigail lies, turning her head to look out the window. She stares at her reflection with her brown hair covering her shoulders and my blue eyes looked almost bloodshot red.
"D-Daddy..." Gwen stammers from the backseat. "You're going t-too fast, what if w-we crash?"
"I'm going the speed limit, Gwen, it's okay," Derek sighs, continuing to drive down the road.
"Where are we going again? There won't be a lot of people, will there?" Luke blurts out.
"No, Luke," Abigail sighs, rubbing her thumb on Derek's hand.
"Then where are we going?" Garrett perks his head up, trying to look up at Derek in the mirror.
Leslie was staring out the window, her blue eyes bloodshot red and droopy. Her stomach roared in hunger again, causing her to wrap her arms around her stomach.
I'm hungry she thinks to herself. Leslie retches forward for a sandwich in their picnic basket as a thought enters her mind. What if I'll get in trouble? What if he comes back for me?
Leslie retched her hand back, sighing and leaning her head back on her seat. She retched out for Luke's hand, searching to hold it. Luke looks down at her searching sister's hand and grabs it, lacing his fingers through hers.
Leslie leaned her head on Luke's shoulder, closing her eyes. He lifted up his hand and runs his pale, little fingers through Leslie's brown hair.
"Abigail," Derek suddenly says, looking over at her for a moment before turning back to the road. "Your phone's ringing,"
"It is?" Abigail looks down at her phone and Zeke's contact was showing. She clicks the green answer button and puts the phone to her ear.
"Abigail speaking," She sighs, staring back out the window.
"Where are you?" Zeke's frustrated voice says over the phone.
"We're still on our way, Zeke,"
"I've been here for ten-"
"You don't have five kids,"
"You're pregnant?"
"Hell no Zeke! Have you met Derek?"
"Hey!" Derek interrupts next to me.
"How much longer are you going to be? This was your idea and I got here before you,"
"You also can't drive and get stopped by red lights on a bike, so be patient,"
Abigail could hear Zeke sigh on the other line. "Alright, love you,"
"Love you too, Zeke,"
Abigail hung up the phone and runs her fingers through her hair.
"We get to finally meet our aunt and uncle?" Luke asks, lifting his head up from the floor.
"Yeah, Luke, you'll meet Aunt Amelia and Uncle Austin, won't that be fun?"
"I've met them," Garrett smiles.
"Their grave-" Gwen begins but Garrett quickly covers her mouth.
Leslie and Luke exchange confused looks before glancing up at Abigail.
"Are they dead?" Luke suddenly asks, lifting his head up to Abigail.
"Nice going Gwen," Derek sighs, parking the car.
Gwen lowers her head, folding her hands together. Abigail opens the door and steps out of the car, picking up Luke and Leslie in her arms.
"Welcome to Terrence Cemetery," Abigail says softly. "Where Amelia and Austin are buried,"
"Ok vanellope, are you ready for your first day?" Her adoptive father Ralph asked. "gee, Ralph you're making it sound like a big deal" vanellope smirked. " Well , it kind of is a big deal V, I mean I know it's just school but it's a fresh start! Weren't you tired of that mean candle head girl teaseing you?"Vanellope suddenly remembered all the things candle head had bullied her for ... Every mistake vanellope made candle head had seen , and bullied her for it. " Yea , I guess you're right Ralph . this is for the better "she replied earnestly. " Good . you know where the house is and you've got you're keys and cell phone right ?" "Yes Ralph " vanellope had a car but due to the moving it would come after school which was why Ralph was driving her. She hopped out of the car. " Sayonara ralph!" "Right back at ya squirt" as Ralph pulled away vanellope looked at her school for the first time . " Hello new life. Here I come."
"Good luck." My mother called after me. I went into the airport all by myself. I'm not even 16 yet, just a lonely 15 year old with no friends. Music is my friend.
I checked in. Security felt like forever. I laced up my British Flag converse. I walked over to make sure my flight was on time.
London. 6:30 am. I smile at the fact I'm leaving the U.S. finally. I walk to my gate and sit and wait with my leather backpack next me for carry on. I take out my phone and download Mika's new album that came out today. No Place In Heaven. I was so excited.
Each class was called. Once my class was called I boarded the plane, making sure to touch it for "good luck". I sit in my window seat next to a couple who seemed way to much in love. Eww.
The plane took off and it hit me. Finally, I'll see my dreams soon enough. I guess I need to tell you why I'm getting to go to London. Music is the only thing I love. I've decided to study music for the rest of my life. Two years ago I applied for a music school. A Music and Fine Arts Academy. You have to apply two years in advanced. A month ago I found out I made it. Here I am off to London.
"You may now turn on your electronic devices." The captain spoke. I took out my phone and ear buds. I quickly started to play "Talk About You" the first song on Mika's new album. I loved the song. I've been waiting two years for this new album, why would I not like it?
I quickly fell asleep though. Sadly I missed out on really focusing on the songs, then again I have lots of time to listen to it before schooling starts.
The plane landed at 10:00 pm. I got a taxi to a hotel. The room was already booked for me in advance, so really all I had to do was sleep. Unfortunately I wasn't tired because sleeping on the plane. I listened to a few more songs on the album as I read the lyrics. Fresh and new lyrics to live by.
It was getting late, so I forced myself to sleep. I haven't gotten to really see London yet. I decided to do all the touristy things the next day. I made a list on what I would need to do. All my money has already been traded out into UK currency. Life in London maybe simple.
sitting all alone at the corner of her room,crying drawing on her wrist with silver and the silver turn out as red sliceing,into her wrist,having a panic attack,And she whispered to her self "i can't take this anymore"
jennifer is a lonely girl her parents had a divorce when she was 9,her mother abuses her,her sister hates her,she only has her brother who  only comes home to eat and sleep.She is a shy girl,never had any friendsNobody liked her,she got called an emo every singel day because she was depressed and loved "black veil brides"
What will happen to her?How will she live like that? will she commit suicide? answer is:read to know__________________________________________________________________________________Hey guys its sara here So this is my first story i hope you like it Feel free to leave you comments
This may have some spelling mistakes sorry but i fix everything as much as i can I will update once a week New chaper every sunday  _S A R A
Spades POVI was walking my heart ache so bad I just killed my family for the sadness they brought me I still cry now but I couldn't help it mom and dad hurt me for what I was my baby bro Alex is the same as me a bunny neko but I have the side of a reaper and I just killed him Clyde my big bro was missing and he is a cp but now I'm at the place my new home
Nikki Bella pov
Me and my twin sister Nikki had a eye for someone special and his name is Dean Ambrose and Roman reigns I like Dean Brie likes Roman but Roman is like a bro to me so I wouldn't flirt with him like summer does. I put my Blue ring attire and headed to the gorilla
Arena
You can look but you cant touch you keep dreaming on the stars above.......
I did the best Bella botty shake I can do since Dean told me he was watching
Brie put her finger high in the air and I walked with the title high above my head
Match
I dropped kick Paige in the head and put her in a headlock "sorry if there is not enough air" I whispered in her ear She reversed my headlock "it's okay"
No one pov
Nikki irished wipped Paige to the corner Nikki was about to do a cross body but Paige moved out of the way causing her to run at the turn buckle Nikki groened in pain.
Brie pov
"Let's go Nikki" I yelled trying to get motivation for my twin sis Nikki. Paige threw Nikki out I took that as an advantage and did twin magic on her
I pretend I was hurt and did the rack attack on Paige I pinned her
123 Ding ding ding.
The winners of this match Nikki Bella lillan announced
Me and Nikki smiled
Dean pov
Nikki looked hot doing that Bella booty shake I think Brie is a sis to me so she basically looked like a idiot standing there with her finger in the air
Stephenie said I have to come with the Bella's in another match they have
Ava POV
We go to the same school we have never looked in each other's direction. he's in some of my classes so I know a little bit about him.
He's so punk rock but in a sort of cute adorable way. he sits behind me with his friends in history. he's in a band with his friends they play really good music i can hear it from my house because Michael's house is next door to mine.
No I cant think this I will just act a idiot when I'm around him if I think like that.
He could probably get any girl he wanted but he doesn't want any girl, he doesn't see all the girls drowning over him and his friends. I have talk to Luke (one of his friends) we are lab partners in MR Riss's class. hes a nice boy quite shy and doesn't like to speak up alot. But when he does everyone listens .he is in Michaels band as well.
"Mrs Cathcart"
"Em yeah sir"
"Stop DAYDREAMING"
"Alright sir"
As sir continues teaching us about world war 1, i couldn't help but turn my head around to see if Michael was in class. He was. Omg he was looking right at me, he gave me a cute little smirk.
OMG
I couldn't concentrate in history it was just that smirk that he gave me , it just made my heart break.
After history I got out of the class and start makeing my way over to the band room when Michael comes up to me.
Michael- "heyyyy"
Me- "em hey"
Michael - "Did you get anything in that class"*giving that same smirk that he did during the class*
Me - "stop doing that"*giggling a wee bit*
Michael - "what?"*giggling a bit as well and with the same smirk on his face*
Me - "that smile it's just to fucking cute"*i could tell my cheeks started to get all hot*
Michael - "Really?"
Me - "eh yeah"
Michael- "So I think you should give me your number so I can text you"
Me- "okay 68359104601"
Michael- " I will text you later babe"
Me- "okay"*getting a little flustered by the fact that he called me babe*
I turn to start walking to the band room I feel Michael's hand on my shoulder and turn round
Michael- "your laugh Is just perfect. I just thought I had to tell you that"
Me- "aw thanks, I will see you later"
HE SAID MY LAUGH WAS PERFECT OMFG
I practically sprint to the band room to go and tell jake and Fiona about this.
Me- "omg you know that cute boy Michael, in my history class"
Fiona- "omg yeah the one in the band with that cute boy,calum"
Jake- "that boy Calum is in ma maths class"
Fiona- "oh yeah. he really cute"
Me- "okay well back to my story, he asked me for my number and called me babe"
Fiona/jake - "ohhhhhhh"
Me- "he also called my laugh PERFECT"
Fiona- "OH MY AVA"
Jake- "looks like you have a future potential boyfriend"
*slightly pushing him while giggling , and blushing a bit*Me- "shut up"
Jake- "but you never know"
Me- "I know"
------skip rest of school------
When I got home after school I took my phone out of my pocket and I had a message from Michael.
Michael:"Hey babe, what you up to later"
OMG he keeps calling me babe not that I don't like it or anything I love it when he calls me that.
I text back saying "Nothing, why"
Michael:"Because I'm going to the movies I will be at your house at 8. see you later babe"
Me:"See you then"
OMG IM GOING TO THE MOVIES WITH MICHAEL AHHHH
what do I wear ,what do I do ,omg I don't want to muck this up.
----------------------------------
So yeah this is really bad
What will happen on Michael and Ava's movie date
Vote
Comment
Ilysm carla😋
Stiles:You pulled up in front of the school, hands wrapped around the straps on your bag in order to disguise the shaking. There was going to be a lot of attention on the first day, you knew that, but you didn't necessarily like it. The morning was long and boring, with you having to constantly ask people for directions around the endless corridors. However when lunch came, you couldn't be happier. You found a bench outside with a bag on it, thinking that someone had left it to go and play some sort of sport. "Uh....hi" you instantly looked up from your lunch, only to be blinded by the sun. You brought your hand up to shield your eyes, shocked at the sudden appearance of the boy in front of you."Hello..." you paused for a second, waiting for a name, wondering why he was talking to you."Oh, stiles. I mean, that's my name....my name is stiles." He said awkwardly, but you thought it was kind of sweet." I just came for my bag... Don't worry, I'll leave now" you nodded and watched as he struggled to put the straps over his shoulders with the lunch tray in his hands, laughing slightly when he finally managed to get it on. He started to walk away, turning his attention to you, giving you a little wave. He continued like this for a few steps....until he walked straight into another bench. A few curse words left his mouths as he turned a deep red, before walking away even faster.
scott:Running. It was your instinct. Your only thought as multiple arrows were flying through the a around you. You didn't think they would find you and your family hiding in the woods but they did. The hunters were always people you were afraid of and now they had killed your family. Your pack.You kept running, your lungs were burning even though you were a werewolf. You eventually came to a road. unable to tell where you are you took a left, hoping it lead to somewhere you could hide. They were getting closer and closer, you could hear their footsteps, their voices calling out into the silent night.you could smell their excitement. The thrill of the hunt that you had given into only a few days before. That's how they found you and your family.You couldn't run anymore so you entered an animal clinic, surprised that it was open at this hour.You hid behind a counter, closing your eyes and telling yourself to not worry. Suddenly you were grabbed and dragged into a dark room."It's ok, you're safe, I'm like you! I'm an alpha" you focused your eyes in the dark to see a pair of red ones staring back at you. You relaxed instantly."I'm scott" he said, moving back and letting you go."I'm y/n.... Do you think they know we're in here?" You asked." no they carried on, probably back to the woods, come with me you'll be safe" you hesitated for a minute unsure whether or not you could actually trust him, but seeing no other choice you nodded your head, following him out of the doors.
Liam: You were walking onto the lacrosse field with Scott and stiles when someone catches your eye. "Wow, who's in goal?" You ask to no one in particular."I don't know, but I don't like him" stiles said, eyeing him suspiciously."You can't say that you don't know him" you replied " he's pretty good, you never know, maybe he'll replace you stiles". Stiles looked at you and wrapped an arm around your shoulder."No one can replace me, I'm irreplaceable. Unique. Your one and only" He joked squeezing your shoulder with his hand as the three of you continued to walk towards the players." well you're definitely unique, I'll give you that" Scott said, wrapping his arm around your waist. You and the two boys had always been close, ever since you were little, and little acts like these barely phased you now. However to everyone else it was confusing, they didn't know who was dating who or if you were just friends."You know y/n, there are a lot more attractive people to date than stilinski. Why don't you give me your number and I can show you how to have a good time" Garrett called out, smirking at you. The boy from the goal now wondered up beside him. Great, you thought. he's hanging around with Garrett so he's bound to turn into a jerk."Why don't you just shut up Ken doll" you replied. Leaning closer towards stiles to prove a point. You knew stiles would go along with it, knowing it meant nothing as he was your (practically) older brother along with Scott. Garrett went to snap back at you but he was interrupted."Leave them alone Garrett, come on" the blue eyed boy said as he dragged his friend off to practice some more. You stared into his eyes, unable to look away as he blushed and then smirked, as he left."Stupid freshman..." Stiles muttered under his breath, before you kissed Scott and stiles on the cheek, wishing them luck. You stood at the side, cheering them on every now and then, but you couldn't stop watching the new kid. And he knew it.
Isaac:"Okay class, partner up". Normally you would go with your friend Lydia but today she was 'sick' probably getting her nails done. You knew that she could afford to miss a few classes, but you couldn't. Your grades were good but you had to work to keep it that way and you were proud of what you had achieved since moving to this school. You looked around the class seeing everyone partnered up, well everyone except one boy. " y/n you can go with Isaac today" the teacher said. You made your way over, tripping as you went to sit down next to him. You Pulled yourself up off the floor and slid into the seat."Hi, sorry I'm a bit clumsy. I'm y/n" you said"I know." He replied a small smile forming on his face, but then he saw where you were looking, you were looking at his black eye. His expression suddenly became serious as he faced the front. You didn't mean for it to seem like you were staring, it just caught your attention. You had never noticed it before." I'm clumsy too. Lacrosse" he said. You sat confused for a couple of seconds before realising that he was talking about his eye."Oh, it must have hurt, did the other player apologise? Was it jackson? I bet it was jackson." You ramble. He shifted in his seat."It wasn't jackson, it doesn't matter. Stop asking questions" he said defensively. You gave a small apology turning to the front. He opened his mouth to speak again, a look of guilt on his face, but he decided against it. Something didn't seem right but you didn't know what, so you carried on with your work in silence.
Brett: (imagine this is what his family is like)7:00 pm. You were suppose to be at their house by now, but you were stuck in traffic. Damn, you thought. You hoped they weren't going to take money off you for this. You were going to babysit at your mums friends house. She had told the family you would like to do it but really you just wanted to go home and watch TV. By 7:15 you arrived at the house rushing out of the car and making your way up to the house. Mr and Mrs Talbot met you at the door, thanked you and then left. This is going to be fun, you thought. "Hi I'm Lori, this is Tom, you must be y/n" a girl said as You knelt down to take off your boots. You looked at the two kids, Lori looked around 11, whilst Tom looked 6-7. You nodded, closing the door and following them into the living room. You saw a range of board games on the coffee table and after a long discussion you decided to play monopoly, as it would last the longest. You had been playing games for what seemed like hours and you had lost track of time; it was now 9:00 pm." okay Tom, time to go to bed" you said, standing up from your spot on the sofa. "But I don't want to, it want to play more games" he whined. You shook your head guiding him upstairs, wondering when his normal bedtime was. You decided to not feel guilty about it, it was Sunday tomorrow so he could always sleep in late.It took a lot of persuasion but you eventually got him to go to sleep. You walked downstairs into the living room landing in your spot next to Lori on the sofa. Tired after putting Tom to bed and playing games all night you decided to just sit and watch a film. You felt yourself slowing falling to sleep, waking yourself each time. However this didn't last long and you surrendered, letting sleep take over.BANG!.... You jumped awake, looking to the side of you and seeing that Lori was asleep. You decided to search the house and find the source of the noise. You made your way towards the kitchen, then you froze. You could hear mumbling and someone moving around in there. You grabbed the closest thing to you which happened to be a broom. Slowly, you crept into the kitchen, it was dark but you could still make out a tall figure. You were about to swing and hit them, but they turned around, jumping back surprised."Oh my god who are you!" He said." who am i? Who are you!" You replied. He sighed, realisation hitting him."You're the babysitter aren't you...". You nodded, lowering the broom. He chuckled slightly."What were you going to do, sweep me to death" he joked. You tried to hide your smile, returning the broom to its spot." you're lucky I didn't hit you, you wouldn't stand a chance against me" you replied. He laughed at this, shaking his head."You? You're what 3 foot tall?" He said. You were not happy at this, there was nothing wrong with your height, it wasn't your fault he was as tall as the Eiffel Tower. You didn't reply, you simply walked over to him, swinging your foot around to the back of his leg, bringing him down onto the floor and pinning him there."What we're you saying about my height?" You asked. He smirked." you're right, I'm sorry I shouldn't have said anything, you can definitely defend yourself" he said. You suddenly became aware of your position. Blushing, you stood up, allowing him to stand up aswell. "I'm Brett" he said"Y/n" you replied, turning to go back into the living room.
Parrish:"Let's see the pictures of the dead bodies" you said, walking into the sheriffs office."Y/n, you should be at school" he said"I have no more lessons left today" you replied, sitting in his chair. You often came into the police station, .you loved solving crimes, especially in beacon hills. You were the detective of the pack. He sighed, allowing you to stay and help out. You were looking through multiple records, searching for clues when someone walked in. "I patrolled the neighbourhood, nothing suspicious" said a guy in a uniform. You guessed it was the new deputy."Oh, hey kid." He replied, noticing that it wasn't the sheriff sat it the office."Kid?" You asked "you're not one to talk". He laughed and you decided that you would search through the files together.after searching through the the majority of boxes of files you give up."You need a lift" the deputy asked. You were unsure, but figured you could trust him. So you accepted his offer and left with him. You directed him to your house and pulled up, thanking him as you closed the door behind you."Jordan" he shouted."Y/n" You replied, turning around slightly to wave goodbye. You entered your house, stopping as you stepped into the living room.Your parents stood there, arms crossed, waiting for you to start talking. That's when you started to laugh."Don't worry, I didn't do anything wrong, the deputy just gave me a ride home. I helped out after school." You said. You could see them visibly relax."Don't scare us like that, y/n" your dad said, as he returned to his work. Whilst you walked up to your room, texting all the information about the case to the pack.
Ciao a tutti mi chiamo Talya, anche se in verità mi chiamo Tayla Khetrine Breedfild ma chiamatemi come volete voi. ( anche se io preferisco Talya)E questa è la mia storia con il ragazzo che amo più al mondo, Luke Hemmings.
Io una normale ragazza americana, trasferita in Australia dopo la morte di mio padre e lui un ragazzo australiano con una grande passione per la musica e dei grandi amici. Cosa accadrebbe tra di noi se un giorno dovessimo scontrarci e passare un pomeriggio insieme?
Rex woke up and called his roommate Reiner to hurry up because they were late for a flight back to jurrasic world they both are new recruits for training raptors and other carnivores in the park. They got to the airport just in time and ran down to the plane when we boarded a boy started arguing with his sister Rex said" please calm down are you two recruits as well" then the boy answered " yes we are my names Eren and this is my adopted sister mikasa. When they landed the caught one of the cruise ships to jurrasic world. They got off the ship and walked up to a locked gate and they both said" were two of the recruits for Owen" a man around twenty four said" that's me so come with me to your rooms in the staff house". They followed him to a jeep and he drove them to a secluded house near the raptor pen. Owen said " welcome to jurrasic world guys".
Hi there!
First of all, Andrew is the most adorable human being on Earth and I'd give anything just to touch a thin tendril of his hair. I mean, is it soft? Is it rough like normal curly hair? Please enlighten me!
Anyways, I've always wanted to write a story with a bit more 'flavour' and introduce a 'the person who can't forget' character and apparently Andrew seems a very down-to-earth person who would be able to deal with someone suffering from hyperthymesia (google it up!).
I hope you will enjoy the story and dare to say your honest opinion in comments or messages. ^w^
Kelsie's POV "Kelsie, are you ready for cheer?" I heard Matt ask. "Yeah, is my bag downstairs?" I asked. "Yes, now come on we have to pick Molly up too." "Okay, okay." I said while walking down stairs."I'm here let's go." I said while grabbing my bags, and walking out the door. "You ready for competition on Saturday?" He asked "Yes, but nervous." I told him. "Ohhhhh. I'm sure yall will do great, miss co captain." He said which made me blush. "Whatever Matt." I told him. It took us five minutes to get to Molly's and an additional 10 minutes to get to Woodlands Elite. When we got there we signed in, and told Matt bye. Today, we have to teach our team, and we have to teach the little beginners. So we would be here for three hours today. "Okay, stretch, then five laps guys." Molly said. "Okay, so I'll do tumbling, and you can do stunts?" I asked her. "Yeah that will work." She said. "Okay." I said. Then after everyone finished their five laps, we split up, and started tumbling, and stunting. We do each for thirty minutes then you switch lines. --------- After doing cheer and stunting for an hour, it's time to practice our routine for our competition. It took us an hour to get it perfect then everyone could go home. "See you all tomorrow, and that will be our last practice, before competition. Make sure to get plenty of rest, and drink a shake for breakfast, only liquids tomorrow." I told them all. Next we had the little ones for an hour, and they were gymnastics, so we did bars, and balance beams for an hour then left. "Both practices were really good today Molly." "Yeah, I think my mom is picking us up today." She said. "Yeah I think so." I said. We both walked outside and saw Cameron standing outside his car waiting. "Cammy!" I yelled! "I missed you!" We both yelled. Cameron is like another brother to me. He was there whenever Matt had to go somewhere, and when my parents weren't there for Matt and I. "I missed yall too munchkins." He said. "Are yall coming over today?" I asked. "Sure are. A lot of the boys who were invited to Magcon are coming too. So we are going to party!" He said while getting in the car. Molly, and I just looked at each other and then started to giggle. "Well okay then." I said. We all listened to music, sang, and danced weirdly on the way to my house. When we got there Molly and I went up to my room to take a shower and change into different clothes. Molly had my bathroom and I had Matts. When ever we both finished, we went downstairs to eat, and there were a lot, and I mean A LOT of boys here! I mean I knew who they were, but jeez there were a lot. "Kelsie!" I heard someone yell. "Hayes!" I said. See me and Hayes have been talking on Instagram after we found out our brothers were going on tour. "What's up?" He said. "Nothing much. Just got done with cheer." I said. "Oh cool. Whose that?" He said pointing behind me. "That's Molly, Cameron's sister. Also my best friend." I said while smiling. "Cool. Do you know who that is over there sitting by herself?" He asked. "I don't know let's go say hi." I said. "Okay." They agreed. We all walked over there and introduced ourselves, we found out her name is Balieh, and she is Jack Gilinskys sister. After we all introduced ourselves we went upstairs to the game room to play pool, air hockey, and ping pong. We played for a long time, then we noticed that the boys still weren't outside, so we decided to go outside, and swim by ourselves, but when we were walking out there, all of our brothers came and pushed us in. "Matthew Lee Espinosa!" I yelled. "You better sleep with one eye open!" I screamed. "Awww I'm sorry!" He said while walking over to me. "Give me a hug." He said while leaning down. I then decided to pull his arm, and he fell into the pool. "Haha." I laughed. "I'll give you a hug now." I said. The. We hugged, for a long time, and talked and stuff. Soon everyone was in the pool, and I got on Matts back and fell asleep.
Matts POV "Hey Matt, your sister fell asleep on your back." JJ said. "Oh. I'll leave her there until we decide to get out." I said. Thirty Minutes later we all got out. I told Molly she and Kelsie could sleep in my room, Balieh could sleep in Kelsies. Everyone else slept in the movie room, or the game room. I walked upstairs with Kelsie still on my back, and laid her down on my bed. "Matt?" I heard a small voice say. "Yes." I asked "Will you lay down with me." "Molly is coming to lay down with you." "But I want you to." "How about you and me sleep on the floor, and she can have the bed." I asked "Okay." I picked her back up, and laid her down on the floor with a pillow and blanket. "I'll be right back." I said. "Okay." She said. I walked downstairs, and told everyone that if they wanted food, they could get some, and that there were extra blankets in the closet down the hall. Afterwards, I walked back upstairs and laid down with Kels. "Night brother." "Night Kels." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I heard someone run to the bathroom. I checked the time 5:34 A.M. I felt around and didn't feel Kelsie. I shot up and ran to the bathroom. I stood outside the door, and heard someone throwing up. "Kels? Are you okay?" I asked. "No." I heard her say. I could tell she was about to start crying. "Can I come in?" I asked "Yes." I walked in and saw her sitting on the ground. "Did you eat anything after cheer yesterday?" I asked. "No I wasn't hungry." She said "Okay, well let's go downstairs, get you some, water, and some food." "Okay." "Kels. Are you okay?" I turned around and saw Molly standing there."Yeah, you can go back to bed if you want." She told her. "Nah, that's okay, I'm kind of hungry." "Well you woke up at the right time." She said.
Kelsie's POV We all walked downstairs, and Matt made us some breakfast. After eating we sat in the living room and watched tv, until we all fell asleep again. -- I woke up again at 8:00, then I woke Molly up because we had to get ready for cheer again, I was feeling a little better, but I wasn't going to tumble or do stunts until we had to go over the routine. After we got dressed, I woke up Matt, and he took us to practice. -- After practice Matt still wasn't here, so I texted him, them Molly and I decided to do tumbling. So we went to the edge of the mat and tumbled across. After we were done we saw 9 guys, and 2 girls. 7 of the guys, and 2 of the girls with their eyes wide open. "Hello?" I said while waving my hand in front of their faces. "Anyone?" I asked. "That was amazing!" Everyone said. "Thanks. It wasn't that hard." We said.After talking about cheer, and stuff we all went back home, and got into the pool. Then we got out to get food, then went back in. We pretty much did it the whole day. Then we watched Pitch Perfect, then insidious, and during that movie I was snuggled into Matts chest the whole time, because I can't do scary movies. I'm so scared of them. Plus the boys thought it would be funny to scare me, by screaming at some parts, which made me scream. When it was over I was so relieved, but I decided to go to bed, because I was tired, Molly came up with me. Today was really fun, and crazy, I hope tomorrow, and at Magcon it will be like this too.
A/N I love it! I would like to thank emtate01 for being Balieh and Magcon_is_bae7 for being Molly. I will be including outfits, so if you want to see them it s on Polyvore, my user is ilovelouistom If you want to be a sister or girl friend for any of the boys, just let me know. Thanks ❤️Kaitlyn!❤️
The aroma from the food my mother was cooking filled the pine shingled house invitingly.  Dinner would be ready soon.  We kept a few chickens, and a small vegetable garden, but for all intents, that was it for our farming ability. My father, Gu Namukkun, was by profession a logger.
"Eomeoni," I told my mother, "the boiled eggs are ready." I had peeled and cut them, placing them into a bowl.
"Good. Dinner is ready then," Eomeoni said taking the bowl from my hands.
"It smells wonderful," my father said as he gave my mom an affectionate kiss on the cheek.
Our table sat low to the floor, and instead of chairs  we would sit on the ground around it. It gives a nice cozy feeling, being so close to each other as eat.
Eomeoni placed the last plate of food on the table and joined us. "Let us eat well."
"I ran into Lord Park in town today," Abeoji said. Eomeoni scowled as she scooped rice into her bowl. "He reminded me of our debt."
"Did he now?" Eomeoni muttered. "You can't get blood from a stone. What does he want us to do? Give him the house?"
I watched my parents for a moment. Abeoji looked troubled. I knew he wanted to pay the debt, but hadn't yet been able to.
"No, not the house. It won't come to that," Abeoji assured her. "I agreed to make a payment at the end of next week."
"Namukkun! Can we really do that?"
"It beats the alternative--letting our daugh--."
"What?" I asked. Eomeoni waved for me to be silent. I had a lot of questions. Did Lord Park want me to work for him? I wasn't afraid of honest hard work, and I had worked in the merchant house for a few weeks this winter when they had needed the extra hand. Well, I really suspect it was more of the merchants way of trying to help us out, giving me odd jobs to earn some of the staples we needed.
"Never mind, it won't come to that," Abeoji cleared his throat gruffly. "That's the end of it."
"Will you reconsider hiring help? I could talk with Oh Soo's mom..." Eomeoni said as Abeoji shook his head.
"No, we can't afford to pay the hired help right now."
"Eomeoni, I will help Abeoji, you'll see. Together we'll get the wood in to sell," I interrupted, giving my mother a nod. Abeoji waved for me to be silent. I lowered my gaze. I knew it wasn't my place to interrupt adults when they were speaking, but I can--and would--help my father.
"Eun Na, you can't always be off helping and gathering the wood."
"Just let me help, Abeoji, until we can afford to pay for the help. I can be both daughter and son."
"Don't be silly, Eun Na. You can't be a son," Eomeoni said.
"You know what I mean, Eomeoni." I tried to not frown, but it was hard. I didn't feel my mother really understood me. I wanted more than to be someone's wife. I wanted a friend, and I wanted to be equal. I knew my parents had a unique relationship, as they loved each other, but many others did not. Marriage was more of a match to secure your family.  A thought crossed my mind about Lord Park. He had a son who was in the capital studying. He would be a few years older than me.  I glanced at my father.  He was hiding something, I was sure of it.
"You know I don't like you out there," Eomeoni said, bringing my attention back to the table.
Abeoji took Eomeoni's hand into his and squeezed. "I'll watch out for our daughter."
"Well, please be careful out there." My mother looked sad, and I felt a small prick of my conscious. I didn't like disappointing her. She was after all my mother. I knew she wanted what was best for me. I knew she didn't like me out helping with the logging. Logging was dangerous work.  But since the fire, when we had needed to take that loan from Lord Park, what choice did we have?
"Thank you, Eomeoni!" I said. "I'll help us get out of debt and be okay again. I promise."
After cleaning up after the meal, I went outside to sit on the porch and watch the sun set. I loved sunset. As the evening blue turned full of reds and golds, I noticed a shadow fly by. At first, I thought it was a bird. With a smile I turned my attention to it, imagining I was soaring high and free with. Instead of a bird, my eyes focused on the small serpentine body of an imugi dragon.
I ran. Oh god I ran. I had to get as far away as I could. It was building speed. I heard cracks from sticks it stomped on and how heavily it was breathing. I then tripped as I heard it chuckle. Damn it. I'm doomed. I closed my eyes, waiting for pain. Instead I felt it covering my face.
Oh god its smothering me!! I pushed it off but then noticed I was in my room. Oh...it was just a bad dream. I saw Shane smiling as he put the pillow back on the bed.  "Morning Laura the Lame." He smirked.  "Morning Shane the Shit Head!" I threw the pillow at him.
My best friend just has to be a shit head. Shane & I have a love hate relationship but hey we make it work...somehow. I got up and yawned as I opened my closet, grabbing jeans and a t-shirt. I went to the bathroom and got dressed, combed my hair, and brushed my teeth.
I came out as Shane was playing on my old Game Cube, of course without my permission. Like usual. I sat next to him and watched him play. We took turns playing Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. It started to get dark as Shane yawned.   "Hmmm, hey Laura?" He looked at me.  "Yea?" I paused the game and.looked at him. He had a smirk on his face.  "Let's play chicken in the woods." He stood up. I turned off the Game Cube and smiled.  "You're on!" I bolted outside to my backyard. I then stood in front of the trail leading into the dense forest, waiting for Shane to catch up.
You are taking the night shift btw
H-H-HELLO!? said the Phone guy of course.
Phone Guy: Welcome to the new and improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria. (ETC.)
You: Wait! Don't go!
Phone Guy: Hmm?
You: I know this sounds sudden but, can you come and help me with my first shift?
Phone Guy: Well... I don't know if they allow two guards on the same night, But you are new here so I guess I can show you the ropes.
You: thank you Mr....
Phone Guy: Oh, I'm not married. You can just call me Scott.
You:Oh ok, well Scott.. Thank you!
-------Time Skip-------
"Hello you must be Y/N" said Scott with a friendly smile. (oh gawd he's cute-pff wait what!?) "Umm.. nice to meet you I-I- mean it person!" "Yeah, I get it a lot about the phone on my head" he said taking a seat next to you. "I wasn't referring to that but, I think you look cute" When you finally realized what you had said to your new coworker you blushed pure red. "I-I-I mean" Scott then chuckled at your mistake but took it by heart so he blushed as well.
The rest of the evening went fine until Bonnie showed up at the door unexpectedly. You jumped back and buried your face into Scott's chest. He then did something unexpected, He wrapped his arms around you. Causing you to look up. He then touched his lips with yours (IDK if he has lips but just roll with it) Your eyes widened but kissed back.
I'm gonna end it here. but be true to yourself you just came here for the smooches. I CAN READ MINDS

I take a long deep breath and open the large, wooden doors of Sunville Middle School. I shiver as a blast of freezing cold air ruffles my clothes. I take a moment to study my surroundings. The floor is covered in marble tiles. The walls are painted bright blue with pictures that look like kids drew . A loud voice sounds through the intercom. "Hello, boys and girls and welcome to the first day of school!" I instantly recognize the voice as Mr. Jason, the principal. I'd met him before when he came to my house to introduce himself and get to know a bit about me. I sighed of relief. I was excited to have this person as my principal for the year. I smell the familiar scent of musty chalkboards and let it bathe on my tongue. Memories start pounding through my head. Sitting in a class with two girls on either side of me, the happiness I felt. Then the sadness of waving goodbye to other kids as I load up into a car, all alone. Driving through meadows, and meadows of lush, green forest. Fluffy gray clouds overhead and a sea blue sky, all alone. Why was I sad? I was back where I belonged. Life was good."Young lady?" a voice jerks my attention. I look behind me and see a grown women wearing a plaid dress with a black top, tiny gold earings jiggling from her ears. "Shouldn't you be in class?" she questions me. "I-I was just g- going-" "Mrs. Riley!" Another voice calls from the other end of the hall. We both look in that direction and see a girl. She has pitch-black hair with pink highlights and a . "Olivia!" I exclaim. Olivia has been my best friend for as long as I can remember. We met in kindergarten and just have had a special bond ever since. I run up and throw my arms around her. "Nice to see ya, Savannah," she says happily. We fist bump each other. Mrs.Riley walks towards us,"I guess you two know each other." We both nod our heads. "Please don't get mad Mrs.Riley, Savannah hasn't been here before. She was just looking around." Olivia defends me. Mrs.Sam sighs. "I'll let you off easy this time but l'll expect you in your class within 2 minutes." "We will" we both chant, and dash off. With my best friend right next to me, I was excited to begin the year.  And with the wide joyful smile on her face, I knew she felt the same.
After School That Day.... ( Olivia's POV )
Me and Savannah say farewell to the driver who grunts a reply. From the side of road we wave goodbye to the bus as it trekks off. "Wanna come over and hang out?" I ask Savannah once the bus has merged into the distance."Yah!" she says enthusiastically. We start heading in the direction of my house, which is a few blocks away from Savannah's. She starts making conversation."How's life been when while I was gone?" she asks. I shrug. "Lonely" I reply. For a whole year, Savannah had moved to Michigan to live with her mother who had divorced with her father a few months earlier. " How's Michigan?" I ask her in return. "Pretty good, but I'm glad to be home." she replies. "I'm glad your ba-" before I finish, a yapping noise starts at the other end of the street. We both whip around, Savannah squints for a moment and squeals. "Jade!" She calls. I follow her gaze to where a girl with long brown dreadlocks was running after a dog. Sure enough, the girl chasing the dog was my and Savannah's other best friend from kindergarten (except from each other) Jade. Quick as lightning, I bolt at the dog and grab it's leash which had been flimsily trailing behind. Once I have the dog in my arms, I shakily lift it up and hand it to Savannah. "I need to rest." I breathlessly say. Seconds after I flop to the ground, Jade comes running up with a shocked look on her face. "Savannah! Olivia!, thanks for catching the dog!" She gestures to the dog squirming restlessly in Savannah's arms. From what I could see, it was a beagle.Once I've cooled down, I get up and carefully take the dog out of Savannah's arms. It looks no older than 5 months, so it feels light weight in my still shaky, but firm arms. Jade bends down next to me and pats the Beagle on it's head."Meet Hunter" she says."Hunter" I echo, feeling soothed with the silky, smooth feeling of his fur. I get up and glance at Jade. "You've got one great dog there Jade" I think to myself but quickly push away. "Enough with all this emotional stuff" Savannah jerks my attention back to reality."Jade, wanna come over to my house with me and Olivia?" Savannah askes. Jade noddes her head eagerly and we set off.

Over at Savannah's house... (Savannah's POV)

Me, Jade, and Olivia shove through the front door and into my house."Mom I'm home!" I call loudly, hoping she could hear me. "Hello sweety" she cooes as she walks in from the kitchen. At the sight of Olivia and Jade, a delighted smile spreads across her face. "Hey girls!" she greets them. I smack myself in the face. Mom do you always have to make me embarrassed?"  For some reason, my mom always gets really happy when I have friends over. It's honestly just part of her nature. She never means to do anything wrong but sometimes it just- happens. "Savannah did you have fun?" she askes me. I shrug. "As much as school can be". I mumble, annoyed. If she saw I was annoyed, she definitely showed no clue of it. She carried on talking about how nice the school looks and how the name of it was so ironic because the last month or so had been clear, sunny skies. At this point I wanted to scream. I try to end the conversation without hurting her feelings. " Mom I gotta um.. go to do uh.." Jade backs me up. "She, I mean we have to go do homework." I cross my fingers and hope Mom's convinced as Jade cracks a pleading smile. "Very well" she says. "Go do your homework but make sure you don't copy each other and ask me for help if you need it" Me and the girls said goodbye to Mom and walk towards my room. "Savannah!" Mom whispers before I get far. I gesture her to carry on. "I know I can sometimes be embarrassing" she starts. "But I want you to know that I never mean to" "It's okay" I forgive her. "I guess I was being a kind of impatient" I give her a big hug. She kisses me on the cheek. "Thanks for understanding" I tell her. "Go with your friends" she says. I thank her once more and trudge toward my room.

"Dan, what are you doing?"
I didn't look up from my textbook as I responded, "studying."
Cat scoffed loudly. "For what? We don't have any tests today."
"Tomorrow we do," I replied monotonously, "in calculus."
I could practically feel Cat roll her eyes. "Yeah, but Mr. Sever is an asshole, and I don't care about that class anymore. It's stupid."
"Okay," I said in an attempt to end the conversation, but as per usual it doesn't work with Cat.
"What are you doing later?" Cat chirped.
"Probably studying some more," I answered honestly. I didn't wanna hang out with her anyway. I considered Cat a friend, probably my only friend, but I wasn't up for socializing today.
"You're always studying," Cat mumbled, slouching over her tray of food, probably getting it all over her hair. "I don't know why I'm friends with you. You're so difficult."
"Then don't be friends with me," I suggested, still staring at my book and trying to study at the same time.
"I've tried," Cat sat up suddenly, making me jump and look over at her. I was right, she did have food in her hair now. "Have you seen the new kid?"
"No," I spoke, and she pointed excitedly into a crowd that was hanging out beside the doors that lead to the rest of the school. "Yeah, I don't think pointing is going to work here," I commented sarcastically.
Cat sighed. "Maybe you'll have a class with him or something. He's really hot and apparently super outgoing and stuff."
"Do you have a crush on a boy you've never met?" I smirked over at her, and she blushed immediately.
"No!" She yelled, burying her face in her hands. "He's just interesting. We never get new kids here."
She was right. Lakeview High school has a population of 400 students, and the city of Lakeview has about 5,000 residents. We were a quaint suburban city in west California, and we were never really bothered much.
The bell rang, signaling class change. The sound of chairs scraping against the linoleum floors filled the cafeteria as everyone stood up to go to their fifth period class. I had chemistry, and unfortunately Cat had World History, so we said our goodbyes and walked in separate directions.
The hallways were small so even the small amount of people here manage to create a fair bit of traffic, which is slightly problematic.
I have had a problem with people touching me for as long as I can remember. Every time someone tried to hug me, I'd cry. People would shake my hands and make me nervous and shaky. Even an accidental brush on the shoulder would send me into panic. I've seen numerous doctors, but nobody knows why. I had a pleasant childhood and loving parents. They were never able to hold me or cradle me, though. My mom tells me stories about how when I was younger, I would scream if anyone would try to pick me up, even as a baby. My mom was probably the only one who could touch me then, but not even she can anymore.
I move off to the side for a second, letting some of the heavier crowd pass by me, before I start walking again. People always look at me strangely when they see me practically melting into the wall, but I've learned to ignore them.
Soon the crowd died down, so I make my way to fifth period. I get there within a minute and place my bag down at the table I sit at. It's a two person table, but seeing as I don't really have any friends and people think I'm weird, I sit by myself. It's okay though, because I prefer it anyway.
I plopped down into the seat and pulled my phone out, checking for text messages. I don't know why I do, because the only people who would text me are my mom and Cat, but I just saw Cat so that's unlikely, and my mom is at work. I pulled up tumblr and scrolled mindlessly for a couple of minutes to entertain myself. I have to be weary with tumblr in public, though, because the occasional porn gif will appear.
I was just scrolling past a particularly funny text post when I heard my name. My head shot up, finding the source of it. My teacher was standing in the front of the room with an unfamiliar student, and he was looking at me condescendingly.
"Mr. Howell, if you would put your phone away, thank you." I quickly locked my phone and slid it into my pocket as Mr. Richards continued speaking to me. "As I was saying, he will be your new lab partner." He pointed to the kid next to him.
The boy walked forward and placed his books down with a smile. "Hi, Dan, right?" He stuck his hand out to me. I didn't take it for obvious reasons. I just nodded my head and put my book bag on the floor in between my feet. "I'm new, and I'm horrible at chemistry, so you'll have to forgive me."
I looked over at him, confused as to why he was still talking. I obviously was not going to partake in this conversation with him.
He had a big grin plastered across his face, making him look extremely... goofy. I stared at him, bewildered by his strange demeanor. How could someone so new to an unwelcoming place be so confident?
"Anyway, it's nice to meet you," he said cheerfully. I nodded and looked away, making sure he knew that the conversation was officially over. He obviously got the message because he didn't speak for the rest of the class.
---
I met up with cat after sixth period, the final period of the day. We always walk home together, seeing as we live a couple houses away from each other.
"So I met the new kid," I mumbled unenthusiastically.
Cat's face lit up, and her eyes got big in excitement. "Really? What's his name?"
I opened my mouth to answer, but closed it quickly. "I don't know," I said truthfully. Mr. Richards must have said it when he introduced him, but I was too busy laughing at my phone to pay attention. "He's my new chemistry lab partner, though."
"He's your lab partner but you don't know his name?" Cat asked, bewildered. "Actually, I'm not that surprised."
"What's that supposed to mean?" I questioned harshly.
"Never mind. What's he like?" She quickly jumped subjects.
"He's annoying," I answered.
Cat looked over at me skeptically. "Are you sure? Everyone else has been saying that he is super friendly and funny."
"Well, I must've been the lucky 1,000th customer," I joked, but Cat didn't laugh.
"I bet he's as funny and cute as everyone says he is, and you're just a grumpy old man," Cat grumbled.
"Yeah, probably," was all I said. I felt Cat's glare, but I didn't meet her eyes. I stared straight ahead as we walked.
"So, about later today," Cat started.
"Studying," I reminded quickly, before she could finish her sentence.
"But Daaaaaan," she whined. "We haven't hung out in forever."
"Mm, let's keep it that way then," I mumbled. To most people, that kind of comment would seem harsh and unnecessary, but Cat just responded in the same way she usually does.
"Rude," she giggled. I smiled a little at her familiar reply. That's the reason we get along. Because I can be myself, a totally asshole who really has a lot of problems and no emotions, and she can be herself, a rude, talkative pest that would probably talk to a wall if she had no one else.
We reached my house, so I waved goodbye to Cat.
"Call me if you change your mind about tonight, 'kay?" Cat called as she walked away.
I didn't respond. I just walked into my house and immediately threw myself down into the couch close to the front door. I practically melted into the comfortable cushions, which embraced me into a warm, welcoming hug.
"Dan?" My mother's soft voice called from somewhere else in the house.
"Yeah?" I answered.
"Just making sure you weren't a murderer," she laughed heartily. I loved her humor, the way she could turn any situation into a funny one. Her jokes were usually darker, which is probably where I get it from. I cherish her, probably way too much.
Gabriele's POVHi I'm Gabriele Olivia West I am currently 18 years old, I have hazel eyes with a hint of emerald green in them, I have chestnut hair mixed with ombré colour, & now your probably thinking oh it's another boring girl, wrong there is something about me that nobody knows and that secret is that I'm a werewolf & when I turn into a werewolf my fur is completely white and my eyes are a turquoise colour.
Currently I am waiting for my mate, everytime a werewolf turns 16 they find their mate later on, and there is something else about me, I'm a reject and I've been rejected more than anyone else has. I know sad isn't it? But I don't care because the people that reject me are missing on an adventure they will never experience.
My parents Elizabeth West and Anthony West were killed by a pack called Moonlight Kingdom and their Alpha Lucas King, wow I feel sorry for the person that's gonna be his mate.
Lucas's POVHello, I'm Lucas King and I'm the alpha of Moonlight Kingdom I am currently 20 years old and I haven't found my mate yet which is kinda disappointing.
I swear to myself that when I find her I will never let her go & I will never let her out of my sight, I will treat her like my queen & she will be the Luna of Moonlight Kingdom, and we will have a family wow those dreams.
Everytime I enter the Hale High school my wolf looses control and tells me that my mate is near but I can't ever sense her so everyday I enter the high school and I had my hopes up very high to find my soul-mate.~Present~ Gabriele's POVWhen I woke up I rolled over and fell of my bed with an 'omph' sound, wow what a great way to start off a Monday I thought to myself. I checked the time and it was 5:30 am, thank god I didn't wake up late like all the time. I untangled my legs from my comfy blankets and walked to my bathroom.
I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and hopped into the shower I turned my shower to be warm/hot. I bet your wondering who showers with warm/hot water? Well I do & I find it very relaxing, I grabbed my strawberry vanilla scented shampoo and put some in my hand and scrubbed it on my head, I did that for about 3 more times & then put on conditioner 2 times, I scrubbed my self with a coconut scented body wash I scrubbed my body for a good amount of time.
I let the water wash off all of the soap, then I turned off the water and grabbed my blue fluffy tower and exited the bathroom, I went to my closet and took out black skinny jeggings with a grey knitted long sleeve shirt, with my chestnut brown UGGS & a pink and white scarf with pearl earrings, I got dressed and walked to the bathroom & brushed my hair and decided to put it into a messy bun because I was to lazy.
I grabbed my silver ring that had my name 'Gabriele' in cursive writing and put it on, then I put on mascara, and very light black eyeliner & then strawberry scented lip balm I checked myself in mirror one more time then grabbed my iPhone 6 and headphones and left my house and waited for the bus to take me to school.-At School-When I entered the school I went to my locker and put my phone inside there and just took out my notebook and my favorite purple pen then closed my locker and locked it. When I walked upstairs to my class my wolf started going insane and started saying 'Mate is nearby' I was so confused, then brushed it off, but my wolf started going even crazier when I passed by this guy.
He had light chocolate hair and hazel/brown eyes and his hair was brushed back with gel, I stopped in my tracks and turned around to only see him doing the same, he looked at me and I saw him mouthing 'Mine' my eyes widen and before I could take a step to him my crazy best friends Victoria & Derrick pulled me into Mrs. Rose's Math Honors class.
'Hey Gab, why where you in the middle of the hallway with your eyes almost popping out of your head?' Victoria laughed, 'I think I just found my mate.' I whispered to her while still looking at the closed door to the hallway.
'Whaat, Gabriele Olivia West you better not be messing with me! Me and Victoria knew you since pre-school so don't lie to us!.' Derrick whispered-shouted at me. 'I have to go find him guys, here hold my notebook & pen ok, I'll be back I promise.' I smiled at them as I opened door to the hallway, as the door closed behind me I walked towards the irresistible smell, a smell of mint was pleasure to my nose.
My wolf was going completely insane, as I turned the corner I saw him, my mate. As I walked towards him someone pushed me against the lockers, it was a girl by the smell of her she was a werewolf also 'Stay away from Lucas, he's mine and will always be mine.' She growled.
I pushed her with my feet and she fell to the floor, she lunged herself at me and my head banged against the wall & that hurt more than being injected with silver, maybe a little less she threw me down the opposite hallway to where my mate was my back hit the lockers with a huge bang sound.
My mate quickly turned around and saw me on the floor and I swear his eyes turned black when he saw me on the floor, I tried to get up but the girl hit me in the stomach, and I grunted because trust me it hurt more than you could imagine, she was about to kick me again but my mate grabbed her by the shoulder and pressed her against the lockers.
'If you EVER lay a hand on my beautiful mate, I swear you will never see daylight again, do you understand me Raquel?!' He growled 'Y-yes...Alpha....L-l-lucas..' Rachel said, when he let go she fell to floor, gasping for air then she ran down the hallway.
Lucas I think his name was looked at me and his eyes went back to the brown/hazel colour and he bent down to touch my arm, sparks went inside my body 'Beautiful.' He whispered. I felt my cheeks turn a rosy pink, he picked me up bridal style and took me outside of school, 'Tell me you name, sweetheart.' Lucas said.
'Its Gabriele Olivia West.' I said confidently. He had a big smile on his face, 'That name is absolutely breathtaking.' Lucas said. I smiled and leaned my head against his chest, he was so warm and cuddly like a soft teddy bear.
But I don't think he will like if I said that to him.
Lucas's POVGabriele fell asleep in my arms as I walked back to my pack, my wolf lost control when we saw that witch Raquel beat up our gorgeous mate Gabriele, I just wanted to snap Raquel's neck for doing that to her future Luna.
When I got to the base the doors to my house were opened by my maid and butler Jessica & Dale, I went up the marble stairs to my bedroom and place Gabriele on my king sized bed, I tucked her in and placed a kiss on her cheek I walked out of the room and went to my office, my beta Andrew & his mate Mia & their 3 year old twin sons Ryan & Erick where on my leather couch waiting for me.
'Alpha Lucas' Andrew and Mia said at the same time bowing their heads, and I did the same 'Why have you called us here Lucas?' Andrew asked 'Well I have good news actually, I found my mate & your future Luna her name is Gabriele Olivia West' I said 'Oh my goodness congratulations Lucas' Mia said with a big smile. 'May we meet this Gabriele Lucas?' Andrew asked, I nodded and led them to my room and opened the door, but when I looked at the bed Gabriele wasn't there.
I panicked 'Gabriele were are you?' I asked out loud then I heard the bathroom door open and there stood my beloved mate Gabriele, she smiled at me and gave me a hug which I gladly returned 'Gabriele this is my beta Andrew and his mate Mia and their twin sons Ryan & Erick' I said calmly.
She nodded her head and shock their hands, 'It a pleasure to meet you.' Gabriele said with a smile.
'The pleasures all mine' Andrew and Mia said at the same time.
Gabriele bent down and looked down at Ryan & Erick, 'Hello their, my name is Gabriele what's your name cutie?' She asked kindly
'My name ish Ryan & dat iz my brother Erick.' Ryan said, Gabriele laughed God her laughed is marvelous I could listen to it all day, she picked up Ryan & Erick and placed them on her hips, Ryan & Erick hugged her back and played with her soft hazel/Brown hair, she would be a wonderful mother one day.
She placed them down and they ran out the door with Mia chasing after them, 'It was nice meeting you Luna.' Andrew said before leaving and closing the door.
Gabriele's POVI turned around and saw Lucas standing their with a smile on his perfect pink lips that I wanted to kiss so bad.
'You can kiss my lips all you want sweetheart.' Lucas said, my eyes widen and my cheeks turned slightly red, 'Lucas don't read my thoughts it's not right.' I laughed and pouted. He threw his head back and laughed, lord his laugh is something, 'Sorry darling you thoughts are interesting.' He said with a smirk on his face.
'Gabriele-' he said but I cut him off, 'You can call be Gab alright?' I said as I sat down on the bed 'Ill call you Gaby instead, anyways I wanted to ask you if I can't mark you because I need everyone to know that you belong to me and me only your MINE.' He growled which made me flinch a bit.
His eyes soften as he sat next to be and grabbed my waist and placed me on his lap, 'I'm sorry if I scared you I didn't mean to, I never intend on scaring you or hurting you my love.' He said against my neck, he smelled in my scent, and I swear that I heard him purr, 'Ok Lucas you can mark me.' I said quietly.
He didn't waste a minute before throwing me on the bed and started kissing my neck and leaving trails of kisses on my neck he started sucking a spot on my neck before bitting my neck, I whimpered as the pain increased it hurt so much I let out a tiny scream, but then slowly the pain disappeared and was replaced with pleasure I moaned and tugged his hair.
By tugging his hair only made him growl, he took out his teeth and licked the mark and the blood around it and started kissing and sucking it, then he brought his lips to mine, I was shocked at what he did but then quickly kissed him back he licked my bottom lip asking for entrance but I denied, he growled and lifted me up the bed and pushed me against the wall and grabbed my waist and pulling me impossibly closer to him.
As he tighten his grip I gasped and he took that advantage and stuck his tongue in my mouth and starting sucking my tongue a moan escaped my mouth, he let go of my tongue and staring sucking my bottom lip, which earned a big gasp & moan leaving my mouth he then started sucking my neck & then started sucking the mark & then sparks quickly entered my body and pleasure over did me.
He let go of me and my feet touched the ground but I didn't have my balance yet so my knees wobbled and I fell to the floor but before my face smashed the floor, Lucas's arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me up and carried me bridal style to the bed and placed me softly down.
He tucked me in then he changed into his PJ's and got into the bed with me, he wrapped his arms around my waist & my back was against his chest and then he kissed my shoulder, 'Darling I'm never letting you go, I will always protect you no matter what I will love you the way you've always wanted, and I will touch you the way no man will be able to touch you.' He said into my ear 'Now sleep sweetheart.' He said.
I think he kissed the back of my head before I drifted off into dreamland.
A/N- So what did you guys think? Was it good or nah? I tried and this took me 1 1/2 to write this chapter Ik crazy right? Well that's what you do for the love of reading & written and for you followers :) I hoped you like this chapter! Ily all! -Natali🌷
Characters-Gabriele West- Lily CollinsLucas King- Douglas BoothVictoria Paz- Lucy HaleDerrick Willow- Josh Hutcherson 👑👑☀️☀️🌷🌷💗💗💋💋💖💖🌸🌸🔥🔥🌺🌺🌚🌚❤️❤️✨✨👽👽✌🏼️✌🏼💜💜
That beautiful smile always was plastered on her face. Her life was all about coloring, sleeping, enjoying rainbows all over the place.
The dominance of happiness. Walking up excited for the day. Deciding what to eat for breakfast was her hardest decision.
Her day consisted of enjoying her time with family friends and the presence of a true smile. She had everything a 10 year old would wish for.
Her feelings towards life wasn't just love it was more of an obsession. She was madly in love with life, that she wouldn't wake up a day without smiling and thanking God for all her blessings.
Lydia Martin the young, ignorant, animated and innocent girl. She had a loving family. HAD indeed. Her family includes her parents, and 2 siblings, Andy and Rein.
Her mother was pregnant with her young sister. I don't think excitement is enough to describe how she felt. Little did she know about the consequences of the new child.
Lydia's parents never rejected something she asked for. Her father was a workaholic while her mother watched over Lydia and her siblings. She was the youngest, Andy was older than her by 2 years while Rein was older by 6 years.
School. School is supposed to be torture for students, but for some reason Lydia loved school. She found happiness in every bits and pieces of life.
She was friendly; people could notice that from the amount of friends she had. She loved her friends, she loved spending time with them, opening up to them though there's nothing much to open up about other than her extreme happiness.
Lydia loved herself, Beauty is all she saw whenever she looked at a mirror. She never understood how one wouldn't simply fall in love with his own self. UNDERSTOOD.
She was in love with her brown hair,her brown eyes, her small lips. She was in love with every inch of herself from head to toe.
Her confidence was outstanding, she never understood why she wouldn't be confident, she was pretty smart and an ordinary girl.UNDERSTOOD.
She loved people, she enjoyed their presence. She never wanted to be alone.. Nights were her biggest fear , she loved the sun the light.
Peterpan was never her favorite Disney movie, she never understood it. She enjoyed watching Hannah Montana or Disney cartoon series because they were fun, they made her laugh. Little did she know what they symbolize , what was hidden between the lines.
Rose was Lydia's bestfriend since day one. They met on the first day of kindergarten and became friends ever since. She loved her bestfriend, she tells her everything. She spends the whole weekends with her.
Nothing stays the same. At some point, everything changes.

With a devastating car crash, he appeared.
A dark mop of unruly curls, the ends tinted with ruby red, framing a slender, pale face, flushed with the slightest bit of pink, eyes blazing against his ivory-pink skin. He was slender but tall, a scrawny, towering giant. He seemed so real, so genuine, so human. He even behaved normally. I didn't suspect a thing. He was just a dream, after all.
But I was wrong.
He was much, much more than just a dream.



Kayla was the innocent pretty girl while Tay was the ladys man who always had hella thots in an out of his house well if you must no kayla and Tay was bestfriends he was 1 year older then her and they met her 8th grade year now tay was a senior and she was a junior but what makes this story interesting? Let's find out

MC- {Hikari Takamura}

*24 years old*
*Works as a artist/model*

*Personality: Cheerful, friendly and sweet.*
[Kou Ito]

*25 years old*
*Works as a pop star*

*Personality: Confident, intelligent and cold*
[Tsubasa Hanasaki]

*25 years old*
*Works as an actor*

*Personality: Angelic, intelligent, and blunt*
[ Seiji Tanaka]

*25 years old*
*Works as a detective*

*Personality: Intelligent, observant and confident*
A/N: Who should go first? Of course.. It doesn't matter since....... IT'S LOVE! LOVE!!!!!!


Why is society such a beachacho?
Why do people wear such expensive things like Under Armour, The North Face, and crap like that when you can be comfortable and look like a hobo?
Oh, wait...
Why is Trevor Moran so perfect?
Why is a circle round?
Why is Fall Out Boy so amazing?
Why are you reading this?
370H$V 0773H
You look funny reading that upside down................
SORRY I DIDNT MEAN IT...
Whoops I knocked over my cereal bowl now there's cereal on my floor.
CRAP
BACK TO THE MOTHER FREAKING RANT..........ISH THING...
Do fish drink water? No, dey don't drink water. They've been drinking a watermelon.
Sorry......................I have a really short attention span.
STOP! WAIT A MINUTE!
Do you like Fall Out Boy?
Cause I do.
If you don't....
Then why are you here?
I dress like a homeless person sometimes.
Sometimes I dance in public.
I like to embarrass the shit out of everyone I hang out with.
I guess that's why my imaginary friends don't invite me to go anywhere with them.
My only true friends are MittensForTheKittens and um...that's it...uh...
Yeah.
I love Lynn like a sister.
I love her cause she's amazing.
Love you bæ.
I have no life.
I sleep with my pillow pet.
WOAH
THAT JUST GOT PERSONAL!
I just opened up to you!
You should be proud of yourself!
Wow...I really need to stay on track.
And stay away from the sugar.
Wow, it's pretty outside.
Am I the only one who automatically inhales the wind when I walk outside?
Yeah, I am.
I'll go now.
BUY THE DARK SIDE ON ITUNES
Hi! This is a new story that I'm writing. Please comment every opinion so I can progress on writing. Thank you for reading! ~p~
"Dad wants us to pick up were he left off.Saving people,hunting things,family business..."I said to my little sister as she bit her nails. I was so damn serious. She didn't notice.
It was a cloudy day.the power was gone for hours.rain wouldn't stop hitting the window. Our room was dark and I didn't feel good about it. I cleared my head from everything and looked at her again.
"So,Are you with me?"
She started ignoring me all over again, I sighed and got up to pack my bag.
"You better hurry kiddo, I will leave you here if you don't start packing!" I said with a faked angry voice. She stood up and rolled her eyes.
"whatever."
"Don't you dare give me that look young lady!" I teased while messing her long brown hair.
She gave me the look again and stormed off. I was very confused."Teenagers!" I thought to myself looking at my messy short brown hair in the mirror.A thought came to my head...were was this all started?
It was December.I was 17. My sister was 10. It was the worst month of our lives. When "dad" happened. It was in the middle of the night when that "thing" came in. Oh hell I knew what it was. It was a hell hound.It took my dad to hell. Because of a stupid deal. Since then I continued his legacy. To be a hunter. And my little sister was helping too. She was smart and brave. She never actually knew what happened to dad.she just thought it was a hunting accident.We had to burn his body. She didn't take that so well. Her and dad had a perfect bond. She became sad and something dark came in her life that I couldn't remove it.I didn't know my dad in an emotional way. He was a great hunter and I followed his footsteps with no hesitation. He was always proud of me as a hunter. It was never a father-daughter bond between us. It's been 4 years now and yet I missed him as my mentor.I came out of my complicated thoughts and finished my packing.I called my sister.
"What?" She said loudly.
"Where the hell are you kid?" I said nervously.
"You are not my mom!I'll be back when I'm done!"she shouted.
"What are you-" she hung up before I finished.
"Teenagers!" I mumbled.
I was starting to pack my sister's bag when I fell asleep.
-------------------
I woke up with the door's sound. Sarah was back. She was soaking wet.
"Where the hell were you?" I said with a little anger.
"Just out." She replied quality.I stared at her eyes. Something was wrong.
"I p-packed my bags...can we go now?" Her lips trembled.
"Yes..yes...are you okey kiddo?" I patted her hair.
She took a deep breath"Yeah, fine."
"Allrighty!let's hit the road. We have a lot of work to do!"
چشمامو باز کردم....این نور لعنتی واقعا آزار دهندست!خدای مننننن واقعا کی حوصله داره اینهمه راه رو تا یه نقطه نامشخص در حاشیه ایالت آریزونا بره؟خیلی بی حوصله از تختم بلند شدم...نگاهی به چپ و راستم انداختم ...بازم انتظار داشتم یکی تو اتاقم باشه...مسخرس!یه نگاه به خودم تو آینه انداختم...-پووووفففففموهامو با بی حوصلگی شونه کردم از پله ها اروم اروم اومدم پایین و با چشمام دنبال پدرم میگشتم... وقتی پیداش نکردم بایه صدای ناهنجار گفتم:بابا!!!!-من تو سالن غذاخوریم‌دخترم!رفتم سمت سالن غذا خوری...بابام با همون ژست و ابهت همیشگی با لبخند سر میز نشسته بود-سلام دخترم!صبح بخیر!-سلام باباااااا!نشستم سر میز و مشغول خوردن شدم...مشغول غذا خوردن بودم که گفتم:راستی... ری کجاست؟؟؟-ریموند صبح رفت که به کاراش برسهلب و لوچم اویزون شدو گفتم:میخواستم ازش خداحافظی کنم!-ناراحت نباش کاترین ،الان میاد....ریموند برادر منه...چهار سال ازم بزرگتره و خیلی دوسش دارم...پدرم یه سناتوره...مادرمو خیلی وقت پیش وقتی چهار سالم بود از دست دادم و یه برادرو یه خواهر دارم ....خواهرم لیزا و برادرم ریموند از سر میز بلند شدم...باید وسایلمو جمع میکردم و میرفتم به یه هتل در حاشیه ایالت آریزونا که خواهرمو که اونجا کار میکرد ببینم....چمدون و وسایلمو جمع کردم...زیر لبی غر زدم:پس کجایی ری....-دخترم....این شمشیرو با خودت داشته باش...-بابا بهم شک میکنن!درضمن!من دارم میرم هتل چه نیازی به اکسکالیبور هست؟-هیچی نپرس فقط برش دار....اکسکالیبور،شمشیر کشنده شیاطین رو برداشتمو با ماشینم سمت اون هتل به راه افتادم...____________________________خوب این اولین فن فیکشن منه خوشحال میشم نظرتونو بشنوم:)
Es regnete, ich strich über meinen schwarzen Faltenrock während mir eine Träne die Wange herunter rollte, mir war kalt. Ich schaute auf den nassen Grabstein auf dem der Name meiner besten Freundin stand, Jessica Clarcson. Die Gäste der Beerdigung waren schon gegangen und ich war fast alleine dort."Kelly, komm jetzt du hast morgen noch ein Geigenvorspiel," sagte meine Stiefmutter Alicon Stone in einem strengen Ton. In den meisten Geschichten werden Stiefeltern immer als böse dargestellt, von böse kann man hier nicht sprechen eher von streng, distziepliniert und einfach nur scheiße! Mit ein paar Monaten wurde ich von meinen Eltern zur Adoption freigegeben und von den reichen Stone's adoptiert. Ich drehte mich um und ging auf den schwarzen Rolls Royce zu indem meine Stiefeltern, Alicon Stone und Michael Stone saßen und auf mich warteten. Wie konnte diese alte Schachtel nur an ein Geigenvorspiel denken, meine beste Freundin wurde vor zwei tagen tot aufgefunden. Ich blieb kurz stehen und überlegte mir ihr den Mittelfinger zu zeigen, aber ich ließ es weil ich ja mit "Anstand" erzogen wurde. Ich setzte mich in den Rolls Royce und der Motor sprang an. Niemand hatte mich lieb. Meine richtigen Eltern nicht und meine Stiefeltern nicht. Der einzige der mich liebte und den ich liebte war Jessica... Augenblicklich fing ich an zu weinen und vergrub meine Tränen in meinem schwarzen Mantel. Zu Hause ließ ich mich auf mein Himmelbett fallen und blieb dort bis zum nächsten morgen auch liegen konnte aber nicht schlafen. Die vergangenen zwei Nächte habe ich auch nur kaum geschlafen. Als ich mich am nächsten Morgen im spiegel sah erschrak ich. Meine Augen waren rot und dunkel umrandet. Alicon platzte herein und sagte: "Beeil dich etwas! Ich lasse dir dein Frühstück auf dein Zimmer bringen und ich habe dir da ein Kleid heraus gelegt, zieh es an!" Das blaue Kleid mit dem weißen Kragen!? Wer trägt sowas, ich bin doch nicht aus dem 19. Jahrhundert! Edda, das freundliche Zimmermädchen brachte mir ein silbernes Tablett auf mein Zimmer. Ich aß jedoch nichts. Ich stellte mich vor meinen Spiegel und hielt mir das blaue Kleid an. Wie scheußlich!!! Ich warf das Kleid auf den Boden und warf mich auf mein Bett. Wie konnten Alicon und Michael nur an ein Geigenvorspiel denken, nur weil das ja mein einziges Talent sei meinten sie, solle ich dies jetzt auch ausnutzen. Naja die nutzten es ja eher aus und ich hatte bestimmt noch andere Talente. Ich musste sie nur noch entdecken. "KELLY", schrie Alicon
Meredith Mailk- age 23 older sister of Zayn Mailk dating Ashton Irwin has had a troubled life that she hates to talk about has long legs lives with her brother Zayn. Loves to go on romantic dates with her boyfriend Ashton is not as tan as her brother has brown hair and blue eyes.
Zayn Malik- age 22 younger brother of Meredith dating Perry Edwards shares apartment with sister. Brown hair and brown eyes tan recently quit his band gets hate everyday because of it try's to ignore it.
Ashton Irwin- age 20 older brother of Hope Irwin, Lauren Irwin, and Harry Irwin dating Meredith Malik has dirty blonde hair hazel brown/green eyes. Is tall is in love with his older girlfriend Meredith wants to propose but doesn't know how in a band called five seconds of summer.
Hope Irwin- age 18 dating Luke Hemmings best friend Meredith Malik has long legs brown hair purple ombré had hazel brown/green eyes lives in collage dorms. Is bipolar doesn't tell anyone about being bipolar doesn't want people to worry about her worries about best friend because of her troubled life.
Luke Hemmings- age 18 about to turn 19 dating Hope Irwin really tall has blonde hair and blue eyes. Is in a band called five seconds of summer loves everyone around him even if they hate him older brother of Ry.
Calum hood- age 19 dating Sonia has brown hair and brown eyes tall loves puppies and loves to make fun of Michael because of a song that is written about him but doesn't take it seriously.
Ry Hemmings- 17 years old dating Michael Clifford younger sister of Luke Hemmings dyed hair a lot loves bands. Is a punk sarcastic but not rude when she is she's depressed and shy brown eyes colorful hair.
Michael Clifford- age 19 dating Ry Hemmings dyes hair a lot doesn't take Calum seriously loves bands and pizza. Jokes around a lot hair color black right now eye color green can't be taken seriously only when mad.
Liam Payne- age 21 single loves to joke around at times is serious when needed to be has brown eyes and brown hair. Is in a band called one direction and he loves his three other band mates.
Niall Horan- age 21 single cares about everyone around him would stop to do anything for people in need has dyed blonde hair original hair color brown and has blue eyes.
Harry styles- age 21 dating Rosy Payne loves to have fun and joke around people think he's a fuckboy but he doesn't even sleep with girls or lead them on has brown hair and green eyes.
Louis Tomlinson- age 23 jokes around sometimes but not that much any more because he lost his best friend to rumors that tore them apart saying they were dating (not hating) he was forced to leave his best friend hair color brown eye color blue older brother of Sonia
Sonia Tomlinson- age 19 dating Calum Hood younger sister of Louis Tomlinson had brown hair and eyes shy and outgoing best friends with Hope Irwin and Meredith Mailk.
Edit: Rosy Payne- age 20 dating Harry styles had brown hair and brown eyes outgoing sometime insecure and shy is 5'1
My name is Stephanie and I'm in the zombie apocalypse with my friend Zoe, my sister Anna and my mom Diana. One day my father died driving to a bar as you can tell my dad was an alcoholic. a couple weeks after his death things got weird.
I was sitting in my room watching tv when all of a sudden it switched channels and went straight to the news the tv reporter said " everyone there seems to be a virus going around if anyone is feeling sick stay indoors." I turn off the tv and look outside my window I see a person in my backyard eating something.
I walk downstairs and open the back door I yell "hey excuse me what are you doing!" The person gets up and has blood all over their face. The person wobbles towards me and lunges towards me. I run inside and lock the doors. I run up to my sisters room and she jumps I say out of breath "pack your thing....now. " she asks "why?" I shake my head and say "don't question it just do it." I run to my moms room and I tell her the same thing
I run to my room pull out my duffel bag and pull a hole bunch of clothes and I only have shorts on so I pull on my leather skinny jeans over my shorts and then I put on my grey v neck and put on my combat boots. I run outside to the kitchen and grabbed a lot of canned food and put it in my bag.
I see my mom and Anna ready to go my mom hands me a gun and she says "uncle taught you so nows the time to use those skills." I nod and say " hold on I forgot something." I run up stairs and grabbed my knife from under my bed and then broke my picture frame with me and my friend Zoe and Anna. I stuffed the picture in my pocket and ran down stairs and I say " guys we need to go get Zoe."
We get in the car and drive to Zoe house. I run inside with my gun in my hand and see Zoe with blood all over her hands on her knees over her mothers dead bloody body.
I walk over to her and whisper "come on let's go." she gets up and slowly walk with me to the car. she gets in the back with Anna and they start to hug each other. Zoe starts crying and then slowly falls asleep. Here is the start of our new life and it isn't a good one.
••• heeeeelllloooo well I hope you liked it. I did write another book "our love story" and I'm thinking I should delete it but anyways VOTE AND COMMENT  thanks byyyeeee😘😘
(Picture of Scarlett)-May contain grammar errors-~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Walking up to my front door, tightening my grip on the cardboard box that sat in between both my arms, I stared longingly at the house that stood in front of me. I never thought about moving houses, I thought I would stay in the same house in my sweet little town in London forever, but of course nothing ever goes to plan. For example me. My life was going great, you could even say I loved it. I had friends and family that loved me and which I loved back.. But of course I'm Scarlett Winters, and nothing ever goes well for me. On my 17th birthday my life turned upside down and now I was a 'troubled teenager' as my mother put it, I mean of course I was - I've moved to a totally different country, half way across the world, leaving everything behind to start a fresh.. It's a little late for that if you ask me.
One of the reasons we moved here was because I was 'spiralling out of control' - my grades dropped from straight A's to D's and I always found ways with my fake ID to get into nightclubs or I just wouldn't go home. If I went home I would have to sleep but every time I slept I had nightmares that were so realistic I couldn't awake from them and I would feel like I was stuck in the cycle of it, until one of my parents would come and wake me up, so for a while I took sleeping pills to help me sleep - without the nightmares. But one night I overdosed on them, accidentally. I didn't feel that they were working so I just decided that taking more would help. I started with two more and then the number slowly increased until I took all of them in the plastic bottle. My father found me on my bedroom floor; pale and lifeless, foam escaping my mouth as I laid there unconscious. I had to go to group therapy sessions after that for two weeks, it's not like I was addicted but it was either that or I would've got sent to a rehab clinic for a week. So I went for the option I thought would be easier.
The other reason we moved here was because my parents got transferred, they work in a highly regarded business which is why we got this house, we could afford it. They seem to use that as the main reason, but I knew that they got the transfer because they were going to move either way. My parents tried hard to help their little girl, it's a shame I wasn't their 'little girl' anymore, in fact far from it. All I know is I just need to make it through my last year at school then I can leave this hell whole once and for all..
"Scarlett, honey-" my mother called, "Can you bring me the rest of the boxes for the kitchen?" I obviously knew that was a rhetorical question and I had no choice but to do as she said, I couldn't handle more arguments, I had enough arguments with my parents to last a life time. Doing as she said I carried the brown boxes filled with cups; plates, bowls, pots and pans and all different utensils that were needed in the kitchen.
After placing the last box onto the counter I turned to my mother and gave her a small smile, "How do you like the house?" She asked me with a smile of her own. I looked around the kitchen and looked back at my mother "it's... Big" I replied hesitantly, I honestly didn't know how I felt about the house, my home was back in England, although this house was a lot bigger with three floors to it, it had a lounge, kitchen, dinning and games room and a study, three bedrooms - which were actually en suites and a huge garden, not forgetting the indoor swimming pool.. It was a big change and I didn't quite know how I felt. My mother gave me a sympathetic smile and carried on placing her cups into the cupboard, I just stood there quietly. "Why don't you go choose a room?" She asked and I simply nodded and walked away.
~*~
After choosing my room, which was obviously right at the top of the house away from my parents, I decided to start unpacking a few boxes, placing my neatly folded clothes into the drawers and hanging them up so they sat tidily in my walk-in closet. For the first time in months I actually felt... happy? Happy.. Yet empty. I had so many emotions I didn't know how to feel anymore. My house didn't feel like a home, my room didn't feel like mine..
Something was missing from my family. It was like a jigsaw puzzle with one piece missing, it can never be complete. It happened six months ago on March 15th, my birthday. Obviously being my birthday and all you'd expect a party, a cake, laughter and happiness... Not for me. I could feel the tears begin to sting my eyes as I replayed the events in my head, the clash, the scratching, the tumbling, the silence.
I was on my way to the 'surprise party' with my older sister Melissa, she was nineteen, we was laughing and talking as we made our way to the restaurant but a drunken driver had other plans. He was speeding, and ran straight through a red light - it all happened so fast, we couldn't stop. He smashed his car into the side of Melissa's, sending our car tumbling over. I remember it going dark after that, and then waking up in hospital. I was in a coma for three days. Melissa had a head trauma and never woke up from her coma, the doctors said they could keep her on the machines for an extra week but Melissa in the state she was - if she did wake up, she would of had permanent brain damage and wouldn't be a nineteen year old, it would be like having a baby that never learnt how to grow up. I was the lucky one, but i shouldn't have been. Melissa was my best friend, we didn't fight like most siblings, we were so alike it was scary.
As I searched through a box filled with useless items that had no meaning to me what's so ever, I pulled out a silver frame that held a picture of Melissa and I laughing. I felt a salty droplet trickle down my cheek. I placed it on my bedside table, and just sat on my bed staring at the floor. Until I heard my fathers voice calling up to me from downstairs, "Scarlett, come meet our neighbours!" I put on a brave face and stepped out of my bedroom closing the door behind me.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~A/NHello everyone! If your reading this then it must mean your reading my book which is insane and I want to thank you! This is the first book I've written so please take that into consideration(;I'll try updating as regular as possible and I hope you are enjoying the book so far, I am aware that this is a short chapter but the other chapters will be longer for sure!Be sure to vote and comment! Bye xo
(GerIta)
If you don't support this ship and are reading this just to rant about this ship, please don't. Just stop reading.
Italy had enough of training. It was getting way to hard for him. Germany kept pushing and pushing him to points he thought he couldn't reach. Sometimes he thought of just dropping out, leaving the Axis, and becoming a neutral country. Less work, more time to make and eat pasta, right?
Exasperated, he plopped down onto his bed, not bothering to change out of his training clothes. He wondered how Japan never got this tired from training. Maybe all the other countries were right. Italy was a weak country after all.
He took off his shoes and rested on his pillow, staring at the ceiling. Slowly, he closed his eyes and his dreams awaited him. He hoped he would dream about pasta!
(The dream)
He was standing in a meadow, wearing the maid outfit he'd worn when he was a little child. Everyone had thought he was a girl at that time, but now they knew he was a boy, so why was he still wearing them? Curiosity got the better of him and he decided to venture out and explore.
After a while, he reached a very shady forest. It was only then he realized the sun beating down on him and the sweat running down his face. He ran into the shade and a cool breeze fell on him. He sighed in delight and sat down at the trunk of a tree.
When he was done resting, he stood up and began to walk again. He stopped when he reached an opening in the forest, the sun shining brightly in the middle. And in the middle appeared Chibi Romano. Italy smiled at how adorable his brother had looked when they were younger.
Romano, too, was smiling. It was a sight that you wouldn't normally see, at least for Romano. This made Italy even more happy, and he began to run to the illusion of Romano, arms outstretched. Romano began to frown then, which confused Italy, but didn't stop him from running up to him and giving him a hug.
Suddenly, the illusion changed and there stood an adult Romano. He was in his regular clothing, that recognizable frown on his face as always. Italy stopped running and put his hands down to his sides, disappointed. What happened?
He sighed and started to say, "Fratello, why'd you stop? Why aren't you still running up to me?" Italy stiffened. "Is it because I changed into my adult self? Is that why? I'm still the same person. Are you implying that the only reason you'd hug me is because I'm adorable?"
Italy was instantly crushed with guilt. That isn't what he meant at all! "Wait, Romano!" He yelled. "I was about to hug you because you seemed... happy. You're never like that, and, well, it made me want to hug you."
Romano looked hurt, which stabbed Italy in the heart. He hated seeing Romano like this, and he wished he could cheer him up somehow. "How would you know if I'm happy or not? You never do! Stupid idiot, why would you even care if I'm happy or not?"
Suddenly, Italy felt like he was sinking into a dark void. "Why would I care? Romano, of course I would care if you're happy! You're my brother, and it worries me every time when you're unhappy." He said.
"Why didn't you say anything, then?!" Romano yelled, obviously frustrated now. Italy was slowly becoming frustrated as well.
He sighed and replied, "I didn't want to upset you even more! You could've been depressed or something, I didn't know!"
"Well, you would've known if you'd asked me!"
Italy felt his heart shatter. "Your constant sadness is killing me, Romano. I don't know what to do."
"Like your sadness when Holy Rome left didn't kill me?!" Romano retorted, then clasped both his hands on his mouth.
Italy felt like fainting at just the thought of Holy Rome. Why did Romano have to bring him up? His eyes started to water as he fell on his knees. He started to sob into his hands. Romano stared at Italy and his face softened a bit. "I'm sorry, Italy, I didn't mean to-"
"What do you mean, you didn't mean to?!" Italy yelled, which was very much unlike him. "How dare you bring him up when you know I burst into tears at his name? What kind of brother are you?"
Romano took a step back. "You never got out of depression, Feli. I thought you'd be over it by now, but apparently you're not."
Italy looked up at him, his face wet and streaked with tears. "How could I ever be? He was the only person I would enjoy seeing as a child, other than Hungary, Austria, and Grandpa Rome."
"Oh." Romano took another step back. "I wasn't one of the people you enjoyed to see." But before Italy could say anything, Romano said, "It's okay, Feli. I didn't enjoy seeing myself either." And he walked away into the forest.
Before Italy could say or do anything, a different illusion showed up. This one was, again, Romano. But it was different. He was laying on the ground, soaked in blood. His arms were covered in cuts and scars, as well as his legs. He moaned in pain, which sent a very small relief through Italy, knowing he was still alive.
He noticed Romano was mumbling something under his breath. Italy ran to Romano and leaned over him. Romano was saying, "I tried, I tried, I tried" over and over again. At first, Italy was confused, but then he realized what had happened; Romano had tried to commit suicide.
"R-Romano..." Italy stammered. What the heck was happening? Romano looked at the boy standing over him and whispered, "I tried for you."
"Tried... what?" He gulped, afraid of what the answer would be, even though he probably knew the answer.
But Romano simply rolled his eyes and said, "Killing myself, you bastard. I know you've always wanted to be the entire country of Italy, but I'm the only one stopping you from that. I know it's pointless trying to kill myself, since I'm a country and I'm immortal, but I tried. Just to make you happy."
Just to make him happy.
Italy didn't cry. He didn't even shed a tear. He just stared at his bleeding brother, who was wincing with agony. It was what he wanted, he realized. He'd wanted to become all of Italy before, many times. He'd just never realized that Romano would have to die for that to happen.
"To make me happy...?" Italy said. Then, a knife appeared in Romano's hand. He held it out to Italy, and he grabbed it. Both of them were holding the knife, their gazes locked. Part of Italy was screaming, what the hell is wrong with you?! While the rest was saying something completely different. Something nobody would've expected Italy to even think about. That voice overpowered the screaming, and, following the dark thoughts, he brought down the knife onto Romano's chest, killing him.
Romano looked at him one last time, and smiled. "I hope you're happy now, fratello." And he faded into nothing.
He would never be happy. It was far too late. He was broken.
Italy decided that he needed to get out of this forest, and quick. That was, until he saw Holy Rome standing behind a few trees. He could feel his heart rapidly beating in his chest. It was as if in that moment, he'd forgotten how to breathe.
Holy Rome finally noticed Italy as he was crumbling to the ground onto his knees. "I-Italy?" He said, and Italy felt something stab him in the heart. What was this feeling? "Oh." Holy Rome spoke again. "You're a... boy."
Italy's eyes were filling with tears. Was Holy Rome disappointed that he was a boy? Wouldn't it not matter if he was really in love with him? These thoughts picked at Italy slowly, eating him from the inside. For the second time, he wished he could get out of this hell.
"What's the problem with me being a boy?" Italy choked out. He barely recognized his own voice. Everyone seemed to hate him right now.
Holy Rome's face darkened. "You fooled everyone into thinking you were a girl. What good does that do to you?" He yelled.
"I... I didn't know everybody thought I was a girl." Italy whispered, then said it again louder. "I didn't know everybody thought I was a girl."
He merely rolled his eyes, which made Italy want to cry for about the millionth time since he'd entered this forest. Then something snapped in him as he realized something. If everyone thought he was a girl, then that might mean that the only reason Holy Rome loved Italy was because he thought he was a girl, not a boy.
He was only loved because he looked like a girl.
Instantly, Italy stood up and went up to Holy Rome and slapped him across the face. "You bastard." Italy growled. Out of the many times Italy had gone out of character, this was one of the worst. "Loving someone just because of their looks and gender. What the hell is wrong with you?"
Holy Rome looked utterly confused, although Italy knew that deep down, he'd been right. "I... I... I loved you for more than that, Italy. I'm not that dense, you know." He stammered.
"Then why don't you love me anymore?" Italy snapped back, then remembered that there was no more Holy Rome. Why did he even say that? There was no real answer to it.
But Holy Rome's reaction was surprising. "I never said I don't love you anymore, Italia." His voice was different, deeper, and had a German accent to it. Italy recognized it almost immediately. Then, Holy Rome changed into Germany. He was wearing the same outfit Holy Rome had been wearing, except this outfit was made for an adult.
"D-d-doitsu?" Italy stuttered, his hands shaking now. Germany is Holy Rome. Germany took Italy's hand and put it in his own. He nodded slightly. This wasn't real, Italy tried to convince himself. This couldn't be real.
Germany took a step closer, so that they were only a few inches apart. "I swear I had no idea I was Holy Rome. If I'd known, I would've told you right away." Germany said. Some feeling in Italy's mind made him wrap his free arm around Germany's neck and pull him closer, until their noses touched.
Some part of Italy wanted them to be closer, but the rest of Italy drowned that part out. Or, at least, it tried to. Italy whispered, "Do you love me, Germany?"
In reply, Germany said, "Yes, Italia, from the second I looked at you, you seemed so familiar. Finding you in the tomato crate was Holy Rome's way of signalling me. I couldn't love anyone else but you, Italia."
It seemed so unreal. Germany confessing his love to Italy like that, it was like a dream. Yet, it seemed so real, too. Both Italy and Germany started to lean into each other. Closer and closer, until-
Italy shot up in bed, breathing heavily. He was right. It had been a dream. Germany had almost kissed him. He should've been glad the dream ended then. So why wasn't he glad?
He rubbed his eyes so he could adjust to the darkness. That was a very unusual dream, and being a country, he got tons of unusual dreams. But this one was different. It made some part of him feel a way it didn't used to feel before. Then he remembered what Romano had told him. You never got out of depression. He was feeling depressed.
A noise from the other side of the room disrupted his thoughts. He sat up in bed to see what it was. To his surprise, there stood Germany. In Holy Rome's adult outfit. Just like in his previous dream.
Italy almost fainted in bed.
Germany noticed Italy staring at him and he instantly started to creep back to the door. "What are you doing here?" Italy demanded while whispering. "And why are you wearing that?"
He stopped a few feet away from the door and blushed. "I-I- nothing you need to know about, Italia."
Italy stood up from bed. "It is something I need to know about." He sounded like a little kid, demanding something from his parents. Other times, he would've tried to sound more mature, but now it didn't matter. He needed answers.
"And why is that?" Germany asked, stepping away from the door and closer to the bed.
"Because you're Holy Rome."
There. He said it. He was going to be straightforward, if if meant getting all his answers.
Germany was taken back. "I- what- Italy, what do you mean?" Italy had stepped slightly closer to see that Germany looked completely tired, like he hasn't gotten any sleep.
"You're Holy Rome. I know you are. God, how did I not see how much you two look and act alike?" The Italian said, realizing how oblivious he had been before. He'd just accepted the fact that Holy Rome was gone and he never looked for any hope anywhere.
Germany's expression didn't change. "That's impossible, Italy. France took down the Holy Roman Empire long ago." He said coldly, almost as if trying to crush Italy's conclusion.
Looking for words to find, Italy stumbled towards Germany, closer and closer. When he finally came up with something to say, he reached up and touched Germany's face softly. "Your eyes are the same blue as his. I remember his eyes perfectly, and they're just like yours. You guys both have this cute habit of denying something when you don't want to admit it. Also, just to point out the obvious, you have the same outfit as him right now."
A slightly reddish color rose up in Germany's cheeks, and then he started to blush. "I found this outfit in my closet and I was curious what it was doing there. So I tried it on. Also, how do you know so much about the Holy Roman Empire?" He went on and on.
Italy took a deep breath. "I know so much about him because... because we were the best of friends when we were children. Then one day, he had to leave, and he promised he would come back. But he never did." He found tears starting to form in the corners of his eyes, and he quickly blinked them away so Germany couldn't see. "Besides," Italy continued. "If you're just trying it on in curiosity, why are you in my room?"
Germany sighed. "There was a note in the clothing. I was hoping you would explain it for me if you could, but you kind of just did." He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and unfolded it for Italy to see. He felt a burst of joy and pain in him as he read the messy handwriting scribbled on the paper:
You are Holy Rome.
Noticing Italy's expression, Germany put the piece of paper back and said, "So it's true. I'm Holy Rome."
He barely got to finish his sentence before Italy somewhat sprang on him, pulling him into a tight hug. There were tears streaming down Italy's face now, but he didn't bother to wipe them away. "I knew it, I knew it, I knew it." Italy kept saying. "I knew you were Holy Rome."
The new information was very overwhelming to Italy, and he tried to embrace it as much as he could. Germany is Holy Rome. It's true. He had kept his promise after all. Holy Rome did come back. For him. For Italy.
Germany was hugging Italy back now, with less force than Italy. But Italy didn't mind. He wanted to be in Germany's arms forever. He wanted them to disappear, to be in their own world where they could comfort each other for eternity. They were lost in each other's arms.
Italy pulled away for a second only to press his lips onto Germany's. He felt that Germany's face was also wet with tears. A few seconds later Germany was surprisingly kissing back. Italy wrapped his arms around Germany's nape and pulled him down, closer to him. Germany cupped Italy's face and deepened the kiss. They leaned into each other, silently crying and kissing away each other's tears.
"Ich liebe dich, Italia. At first I didn't know how or why, but I do now. I just needed you to help me find out. You complete my life, Italia." Germany whispered to Italy as he slowly pulled away.
Italy had stopped crying. He had to catch his breath, and so did Germany. When he was done, he said, "Ti amo, Holy Rome. I've always loved you, ever since you asked me to be part of the Roman Empire. When you first left me, I swore to myself that I would never love anyone else. But then I met you, Germany. I tried not to fall in love with you, but I did. Today, finding out that you are Holy Rome, was the best thing that ever happened to me. I thought you broke your promise. But you didn't. You came back. For me."
They hugged once again, clinging onto each other, never wanting to let go. Eventually they broke apart, and stared at each other for a while. Italy broke the silence by saying, "You know, that wasn't the first time we kisssed." He smiled and Germany blushed, even though he was confused. That made Italy chuckle a little.
"Mein gott, you have to be kidding." Germany replied. When Italy shook his head, Germany blushed even more. "I should go back to my room and sleep." Germany said and started to walk out the door. Italy watched him until he shut the door, leaving him alone in his dark room.
He walked over to his bed and lied down on the familiar pasta-smelling sheets. Anyone could tell that Italy was the happiest person on earth. You could see it in his expression, hear it in the way he talked, feel it in the mood he carried around to every room. Even though he and Germany never agreed to it, he was going to keep tonight a secret. Nobody needed to know that Germany is Holy Rome. Except for him and Germany, of course. Tonight he slept almost immediately, so caught up in all his joy and happiness.
Finally, he was allowed to let himself love Germany.
Any specific requests for short stories? Hope you enjoyed this story and please leave feedback :D
*The girl in the picture is Tori's mom, when she was pregnant with Tori.*
"Ember!" I heard my mother yell from downstairs. Madden's eyes went wide and I could say mine did, as well. Last time I checked my mother had fallen asleep on the couch. I motioned for Madden to stay quiet and made my way downstairs to check on my mother. I was sure that I had been caught sneaking Madden up to my room past midnight.
"Mom?" I said, turning the kitchens corner to the living room. She was doubled over, holding herself up with her elbow, the torn couch mostly supporting her. The hard wooden floor beneath her was soaked. She had gone into labor. At first, I was too stunned to help or even move.
"Ember, maybe help?" She asked with a laugh. Always keeping a positive attitude.
"Mom. There's nothing I can do," My father worked nights and we didn't own a phone nor did we own a car. Her smile fell as she held her small bump. "What can I do?"
"Honey, I'm going to need someone-" she paused and let out a slight whimper, "Go to a neighbors house. The Bowden's own a phone," she finished, sitting herself back down.
"Mom, that's two blocks away," I told her. I'm not fast. But I know someone who is. "You're going to kill me for this," I whispered to myself.
"What?"
"Madden!" I yelled. I heard his footsteps down the stairs. He was already running.
"What is Madden doing here?" She asked and then let out a scream.
"Let's not focus on that, Mom. He's going to run to the Bowden's because he is much faster. He'll call for help and Dad's work," she nodded, thankfully not dwelling on the fact I broke the law with Madden in my bedroom.
She lied back on the couch and Madden left the door, sprinting. All we had left to do was wait. I had always been uncomfortable in any situation that included nakedness but my Mom's panting began heavy and her whimpering came more often.
"Ember, she's not going to wait any longer. I need to push," she told me.
"Mom, no. I can't do this. They don't teach this in school. They did teach us that babies have to be carried nine months. Mom, you're only six," I said, more worried now for my little sister then having to deliver her with no knowledge of what to do.
"I know, I know. But she's not going to wait, Ember. You have too, please," she said, leaning back on our couch. "Go get some towels from the bathroom, hurry."
I ran to the bathroom and picked up some of our darker towels. I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the mirror. The dark circles under my aqua eyes show that Madden had kept me up the past few nights. My dark curls were plastered to my forehead and neck because of nervous sweats. I sprinted back to my mom. She leaned her hips up so I could place the towels underneath her then she lifted her nightgown up.
"Okay, mom. I'm uhm... I am ready," I said, placing my hands out.
"Ember, hold your hands closer. She's not going to shoot out at you," she whimpered. I was way to uncomfortable for this. I kind of hoped that a doctor would barge in before it got this far.
I placed my hands close to underneath her and she began to push. It took only two pushes before my sister was placed in my hands. She didn't cry and she was smaller then my right hand. Her black hair was slicked down with white liquid. There had to be something wrong, but despite her imperfections, she was beautiful. Her tiny fingers wrapped around my pinky, I stared stupefied at my sister. Caroline. My mother laid there, sleeping I guessed. Time moved slowly but I didn't. It felt like hours before I heard someone barge through the door. I still sat there, staring at the 4 pound baby girl and my still mother.
A doctor looked between my mother and myself. Then, came over to take my sister from my arms. My dad then came in, "Madden, take her to her room. Please," He looked at Madden with pain in his eyes. That was the last thing I seen before it all swirled into black.
Hello, there. There are certain misunderstandings that I want to get clear before I start writing.
First of all, i've not been on this account for about a year since I was dealing with LIFE. My 'fangirling' for One Direction has kind of died down but that does not mean I dislike or hate them. I respect everything they do and the choices they make; including Zayn's.
As a result of Summer holidays coming up for me in less than a month, i have more free time to go back to stuff i used to like. This means i can finally start writing a god damn book!
Recently, i've started to really love 5sos so there might be future 5sos shippings i might write a fanfiction about. So, watch out for those! I adore Lashton, Muke and Cake.
However, this story is obviously based on Niam. About a year ago, I was the most sexually frustrated girl in the world, as you can tell by my username. I had no chill, honestly. But now i've matured I guess so yeah.
I do not have a particular day that I will choose to update. I'm a lazy creature so i'll try to update whenever I feel like it. Once a week, probably.
On that note, I hope you will enjoy reading my book. Peace.
"Jurassic world is back, better and improved. We are working to meet your standards of entertainment! We will have trained Raptors, Monosaurus', we will have riding rings were your kids can have fun riding an actual Triceptor! And last but not lease trained T-rex's, we have some of the best trainers on the subject, so come and see .. Jurassic world." I rolled my eyes at the commercial on the TV... Really trained t-rex's?
They can't train a T-rex! That's insane... Dinosaurs at the least.
"I wanna go to Jurassic world." Olivia, my best friend says.
"Me too." My other best friend Lillian says.
"Are y'all stupid?" I ask.
"Come on Keylee, please i already sent in request to be a 'T-Rex trainer'." Olivia chuckles and my eyes widen.
"What?!" Me and Lillian screech at the same time.
"Oh don't be a baby, out of all the people who applied, do you honestly think they would pick us? Please... They're opening next year.. No way would they choose a bunch of amateurs to do that... Oh for our 'description' guess what i put... 'Living life like a T-rex'... Or keylee does anyways with your little arms and-"
"Would you shut up? Im not that short." I defend with a huff.
I look over at Lillian cackling with laughter.
She made some noise bringing her arms to her chest acting like a T-rex.
"HAHAHAHA!" Olivia says falling off the couch on her chest laughing.
"That's it i am done! Oh and Olivia, if we do get picked you're bait." I snapped walking off as they kept laughing.
-I woke up by the home phone ringing.
"Olivia! Get that you twit!" I yelled through our apartment.
"Fag face!" She yelled back and i heard ruffling.
"Shut the heck up!" I heard Lillian yell from her room.
The phone stopped ringing so i guessed Olivia got it.
I drifted back asleep at the sound of peacefulness.
{Olivia's POV}
"Fag face!" I yell back at Keylee walking into the kitchen picking up the phone.
"Hello? It is six o'clock in the morning! How may i freaking help you!" I snap into the phone.
"Hello, my bad... Down here it's eight. Hello, i am Claire.. I control most of what happens here at Jurassic World." I just shit myself.
"We looked over at your applications for the knew t-rex trainers.. And we would love to gave you, Keylee and um... Hold on.. Oh yes! Lillian come and train." My eye's widened.
"There will be someone to get you off the plane after your flight tomorrow... Enjoy! And can't wait to see you here!"
The call ended... Keylee is going to kill me.
I rushed into Lillian's room.
"Lillian!" I snapped in a whisper and she raised her head up.
"What?" She asked groaning dropping her head back onto the pillow.
"We got elected for T-rex trainers! What do we do?!" He head popped up with wide eyes.
"What! Oh no!" Now she was up and pacing.
"We leave tomorrow." I said.
{Keylee's POV}
"WHAT!" I yelled.
"Look, i didn't know we would get picked okay?! Just lets just see what we have to do, you know we might just have to feed them and stuff." Olivia says.
"You ever think that maybe they had an opening for a reason?" I snapped.
"lets just get this over with okay? We act poorly at our job then boom they fire us okay?!" Lillian yells.
________________
I can not believe i am doing this! I slowly stepped off the plane with the girls following behind.
"ya know, we trained whales at sea world not freaking Dinosaurs." Lillian grumbled.
"Oh now the jokes are gone?" I snapped.
"Look at the bright side, there are some hot trainers." Olivia said.
"Especially raptor boy." She says handing me a brochure of the place with his picture in it.
"I call dibs." I say walking off to the lady holding a sign with our names.
"Hello! I'm taking you to Jurassic world, first you will have a house on the island for all three of y'all, it's away from the enclosures, and since you guys actually picked the hardest job, y'all obviously get paid more, and you can have free things, such as food from cafe's here and things like that, just don't take it for granted." The girl says and we nod.
After about and hour drive on the bus thing we entered the park and hopped into another vehicle.
"Y'all each will have a jeep like this, its our vehicles we use to get around... i'm Chloe and i made the return of Jurassic Park happen, if that's what you're wondering... crazy.. but money gets you around."
"Are you not worried that another mistake will happen like the last i don't know four times?" I snapped.
"First off, it's two times because there was only two parks but people made stupid decisions and i'm not gonna let that happen  this time." She says.
"Besides, you signed up for this i don't know why you did if you're worried." She says and i open my mouth to say i didn't but Olivia elbows me in the side in warning.
I just rolled my eyes crossing my arms.
We pulled up to a decent sized house and the girls actually squealed in excitement.
"here you are.. down the road there's a gate show your I'D's they are on the kitchen table along with your suits you have to wear... but enter the gate, keep going straight, then take a right and the end of that road and you'll see sector seven, it has a place for your id bar codes, scan them and you can enter.. that's the T-rex sector. When the door opens there will be stairs directly in front of you, follow them and at the top there's a door, when you enter there will be someone there with further information, you start your job today so quickly change and head off. Unpack later." We nodded at the information and head inside.
We quickly changed and clipped our ID's onto our front pockets and grabbed a set of car keys.
"we look like park rangers." Lillian says in disgust.
"Well maybe because we are!"  I say shaking my head and walked out to our car.
We all got in and followed the directions Chloe gave us and head up the stairs once we reached Sector seven.
I took a breath opening the door at the top of the stairs as we walked in and i looked around seeing a man staring out of the glass.
"Boys, great you're her-" he stopped talking once he seen us.
"Y'all are the T-rex trainers?" he asked and we nodded nervously.
"Well, okay... very brave.. good." He said and motioned us over.
"Up there-" He said pointing up looking out of the glass up at a very high bridge that wrapped around the whole top of the huge containment.
"-that is where y'all will train her. Now she is 15 feet tall, she couldn't even jump to reach you, which i'm not even sure she can jump but, not taking chances. She weighs six tons, and is forty feet long. Follow me." We follow him over to a panel with buttons and such.
He pulled a lever back and pointed over to a small gate as a sheep walked out of it and he raise the lever back and the gate shut.
"That's how she gets fed. One minute and she will come." I looked over seeing movement of tree's and she then appeared and we all three took a step back from the glass startled and closed our eye's as she gobbled up her meal.
She is massive!
"Now, up to how you'll train her.. calm her.. settle her or whatever is up to you. Be very careful and do not and i mean do not step foot in the containment on the ground. You stay in here or up there. That is all. Now get to work ladies." Was all he said and left.
"What the hell does he want us to teach her? How to do a back flip or roll over?" Lillian snaps causing me and Olivia to chuckle.
This is gonna be hard not to die.
HUGE spoilers for Descent and Ascension. Need to have seen both episodes first for it to make sense ......... I own none of the characters.Kensi povStupid! Stupid! Stupid!He'd finally done it. Deeks had kissed me! Wrong time? Sure. Wrong place? Definitely! But he'd put every unspoken word, every screwed up emotion between us into that kiss and what had I done? I ran!Just like I ran every single time things got complicated or difficult.I just left him standing there as I hopped on my bike and drove away! I spent my entire life building up walls, keeping people at arms length and yet with one kiss, Deeks had broken down every last one of them.
Deeks povWhat have I done?I've just ruined anything me and Kensi had in the space of a few seconds!I let my feelings get the better of me and she couldn't even look me in the eyes. It hurts me to even think that I messed up so badly!Why then, of all times, did I have to show her how I felt? In the middle of the case. With hundreds of thousands of lives on the line! Sidorov had the nuclear bombs ready to sell to Iran.I should have just waited, but it happened, it's done.I made the first move. Now it's her turn.
No one povDeeks was still deep in his thoughts when a splash came from down below! He looked down just in time to see Sam thrown into the water with the case of gold still handcuffed to his arm. It was holding him down as the air escaped from his lungs.Deeks through himself into the water, unlocking the handcuffs and dragging sam's body up to the surface. He tried to fight as both he and Sam were dragged away by sidorov's men.
Back in OPSCallen pov"We have lost all contact with Mr Deeks and Mr Hanna." Hetty spoke calmly as she looked at me and Kensi. I kept my tone as gentle as possible as I turned to Kensi, pacing back and forward on the floor"We'll get them back Kens!" She gave me an uneasy smile and nodded slightly, clearly trying to mask her panic.It was hardest for her out of all of us! I mean, Sam was like a brother to me and yet, Deeks had always been something more to Kensi. Not that she would ever admit it.
"Miss Blye ... Miss BLYE!" Hetty yelled, making Kensi snap out of her trance like state.Eric and Nell tensed in the corner as Hetty raised her voice."I understand that you are worried for Mr Deeks but you need to stay with Michelle!"Kensi sighed as she walked out of OPS."Kensi's really taking this hard." I said as I turned to face Hetty She let out a little sigh of her own "We all are Mr Callen. But right now, our highest priority is protecting Michelle's cover and insuring the 2 nuclear bombs don't fall into the hands of Iran!" With that she stormed out.Nell looked at me apologetically and Eric shrugged his shoulders slightly as I followed Hetty out of OPS.
Kensi povOh god oh god! "Ok Kensi, breathe!" I told myself! I had to stay focused on the case! I couldn't help my thoughts drifting back to Deeks. Our stupid childish banter, ridiculous nicknames, arguing over the smallest of things. But most of all, the love I saw in his eyes when he kissed me.
"Stop it!" I muttered to myself as I smacked myself over the head. " Deeks is just your partner!" But even I had stopped believing those words a long time ago. I thought about the pain he could be going through by now, the torture. I gritted my teeth. I should be trying to find him, trying to help him somehow, and yet I was stuck here in this bloody car. I punched the dash board and shook my fist as pain seared through my knuckles!
"Shit!" I moaned under my breath. "Buzz buzz" I grimaced as I glanced down at my phone, not entirely sure if it was out of pain or just anger as I saw the name 'Hetty' pop up. I took a composing breath and answered"Yes Hetty" I said through bared teeth."Something seems off Miss Blye. Go in!" "On it." I said as I pulled open the door and ran into the building where Michelle had been taken.
Deeks povI woke up with a start. Tied to a chair, I looked around and yanked on the rope that tied my hands together as I saw the knifes and drills on a tray beside me. This was a torture chamber, and they planned on making me talk.I heard a scream as i lifted my head and watched in anguish as Sam lied time and time again through the agony to protect his wife.I jumped as they shocked him again and he spasmed in pain"Is Quinn an undercover agent?" Sidorov asked again, clearly not happy with the answer he was given."No!" Sam said, grinding his teeth in pain."I don't know why we bothered with you. When we have the weaker one!" He said walking towards me
Sam's eyes locked with mine as he silently plead with me to protect Michelle's identity. I gave a little nod and sam collapsed in his chair, clearly drained!"Well then, let's get started shall we?" Sidorov's man asked picking up a scalpel and slowly dragging it across my cheek.I let out a groan as they pried my mouth open with metal wire and reached for a drill.I screamed in agony as the drill dug into my teeth.
I closed my eyes and suddenly I wasn't in the dark, damp room, instead I was sat in Kensi's living room. A beer in one hand and the other lay across her shoulder as we sat there, watching some rubbish on TV.I was in our cover house, sat on the sofa talking about marriage and kids. About mutant ninja assassins.But most importantly, I was knelt on that hill with Kensi, arguing about communication, and I stood up, and I kissed her.The thought of her hating me for what I did hurt me worse than drill. I loved her, I really loved her and I knew I had to make it through this to tell her. If only for her to turn me down.
So the next time sidorov asked me whether Quinn was an agent, I didn't scream or yell in pain. I stared at him, i spat the blood out of my mouth and said one word"No."
BLOODY RED HOOD:
"after me and Smile dog got married again, i didn't really like having my own child cause children can be spoiled, and for the past 2 months I've been smelling fear and nervousness, i don't know were did it come from but I've been smelling it. Then it hit me, i seriously can't marry Smile dog, cause of he's specie and that Broken red won't approve, sh*t sh*t Sh*t!", i thought and layed back down on my bed, it kinda hurt me cause i don't know if smile is my perfect pair cause my worst fear was not finding my true love, i know it sounds cheezy but i do not want to be single or else I'm going out of my mind, i know what i have to do, i sat up and walked towards my closet, i picked out cloths and went to the bathroom to change, i toke off my red coat,black gloves, black boots, black stalkings and black dress, i put on the cloths i picked which is, sleeveless black dress, white knee high socks, black boots, black gloves and a crimson red jacket, i got out of the bathroom and walked towards the Window, i looked at the Window for a moment then papers were flying and sticked on the Window, i opened the window a little bit and got the papers, i read the papers and i was shocked and was really hurt, i began to shed tears to what I'm reading, the papers was my birth certificate and newspapers from the time i died.
Birth certificate :
Real name: Krewella Elline HunterAge: 22Birth date: May 25Birth place: South Carolina, U.S.AHair color: brownEye color: dark brownMother's name: Scarlet Elline HunterFather's namr: Jack Woody Hunter.
NEWS PAPER:
Krewella Elline, found dead in a car crash, the next day no one saw her in the car crash any more, new killer in South Carolina, The Bloody Red Hood, first contact, shadow black eyes, wears crimson red, super fast, kills adults, spears children, and looks hostile. Some say The Bloody Red hood is Krewella Elline's spirit.
I begin to sob at what i am reading, my real name is Krewella Elline, my parents abandoned me and gave me to that street dog of a Wolf. Henrie Wolf. I thought he was my father, i trusted him, anf now he didn't care, he didn't save me from that car crash, now that i think of it, that wasn't an accident, that was my successful suicide. He betrayed me, i crumbled the papers together in anger, got to my knees and cried, i never felt so broken until know, i heard the door creek open but i ignored it and sobbed,
Bloody Red, i heard Smile dog called and i felt paws on my shoulder, when he came close to me i now know where that smell of fear and nervousness came from.Get Slender Man!, my voice was demonic as ever more like Broken red's voice, demonic and ruspy, after i said that hethen he whimpered and i felt his paws going out of the room, i felt Slender man walked my way, now i smelled the whole fear and nervousness,
Krewella?, i heard Slender man called my name, how did he knew my real name, how.how.How do you know my real name slendy?!, i said and faced him, if slender man had a face, he would be shock and can see there were definitely hurt and furious in my watery eyes,K-krewella, he stuttered, I don't care how powerful you are. You're keeping a secret from me. AND I DON'T LIKE THAT ONE BIT!!, i said standing up and throwing him the crumbled paper,
Please tell me the truth, i said looking down and while he reads the papers, my voice was back to normal and cracked, Krewella, he called and i looked up at him with tears in my eyes,I am...the one responsible for your recent..love life, he said that made me furious,What. I said cluching my fist,Lost Silver....and smile dog.....I told them to love you, he said,Why!, i said running to him and slapping him, i backed away and there was a red mark on him cheek,WHY!. I shouted,CAUSE I KNEW YOU WERE AFRAID OF NOT FINDING YOUR LOVE LIFE!, he yelled,WELL YOU MADE IT WORST!. WORST!., i yelled getting my axe and running out of the room.I ran far from the Slender Manor, i stopped and sat on top of a tree branch, i wipe my tears away, and sob, i hugged my knees and cried more," I've been betrayed a lot, and it really hurts to loose my trust,", i thought and felt another body behind me, hugging me, i looked up and there was a man, who had shiny crimson red hair that was up, white skin, red orbs, he only wore a black jacket, black jeans, black boots, and gloves.He wiped my tears away with his thumb and smiled at me,Ssshhhhhhh it's alright Krewella, he said while stroking my hair, he turned me around to face him and hugged me,Such soft and beautiful hair, he complimented while stroking my hair more, that made me smile, i look up at him and he smiled, then he pressed his lips on mine, his lips were cold as eyes, he stroked my thigh that made me gasp and gave him a chance to slip his cold tongue into my mouth, he tasted like blood, we pulled apart then he started kissing my neck, and run his hands to my thighs, i then snapped out of reality and push him off me, when i pushed him off me he disappeared, that made me thought of the past, i'm not going to playef anymore, i thought and jumped down from the branch, i put my hands in my jacket packet and walked back to the Slender Manor.
This is my first story and I really hope it goes somewhere.
I am not a grammar master, which means that their will be mistakes.  I am not perfect and I just really wish that you guys will like this!
-XoXo Angela
All of this would be awkward if I didn't introduce myself, wouldn't it?
Hi, I'm Annie. I am what people might call, "Da Author". But that sounds a little formal. And I'm not a formal person.  So Annie works fine.
I am an utterly hopeless mess. I eat Nutella like ice cream. I'm allergic to cats (tragic, isn't it?). I know every song to every Disney movie ever. I own 8 pairs of Doc Martens... so far. And at the moment, I'm wearing a Link shirt.
Sorry, this wasn't necessary.
But seriously, please no stealing my writing. Also, please don't use it without my consent or permission. Love suggestions, dislike hate. The opinions in this story are either mine or a character's. Expressing opinions is a right. You may disagree, but don't try to raise hell or set me on fire. Thanks.
~Annie
This story will be written in free time so I have no specific days to write, Yet I hope to write every week.
If you are a Doctor Who fan, I am too but don't hate on me if every detail on vortex's and paradox's are not correct, Thanks.
By the way I am having a glitch problem so sorry about the big gaps between every paragraph, I am working on getting rid of it.
I know many people would like people to keep the main characters in, Such as Amy and Rory. And they are going to still travel with the doctor yet He just ends up with a new companion aboard the Tardis. :D
You May carry on Now :)
Geronimo!

Maddie's POV
I wake up to the sun shining through my window and an annoying alarm clock. Ugh. School. As of today, I am senior at Malakoff High School, in Malakoff, Texas. Yeah, I'm a Texan and a proud one at that. Malakoff is a small little town with a population of about 2,200. And my senior class only has about 80 people.
School doesn't bother me as much as other people because after High School, I will go to college and I will get to learn about my career. I plan on majoring in Nursing. I want to be a Neonatal Nurse. You know, the nurses that work with babies in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. I've been wanting to do that for awhile.
I roll out of my queen sized bed and trot to my en-suite bathroom. I put my iPhone on my iHome and hit shuffle. I quickly strip out of my pajamas and hop in the hot shower. I hum along to Ed Sheeran as I wash my hair and body. After I scrub myself clean, I quickly get out and wrap a towel around myself, walking into my walk-in closet. I scan my eyes around the room in search of an outfit. I decide on a pair of skinny blue jeans, a white tank top, red cardigan, and my cream colored Toms.
I grab my phone and keys, and run to my white Range Rover. My mom works as a doctor at a hospital, so she is rarely home. My dad is in the army and doesn't get to come home unless its a holiday or an emergency.
I pull out of my driveway and head towards Starbucks to get breakfast. I park my car and grab my wallet. I walk inside and order my usual: a french vanilla latte and a blueberry scone. After paying, I  get back into my car and drive to school.
When I arrive, I pull into the parking lot, and kill my car. I grab my backpack and breakfast, and lock my doors. I walk into the school 10 minutes before first period. I walk to my locker and see my best friend, Kinsey, waiting patiently for me. Kinsey and I have been best friends since kindergarten. We go way back.
"Hey Mads." Kinsey smiles. That's her nickname for me. I find it quite amusing.
"Hey Kins." I chuckle as I take a sip of my latte. She takes it from me a gets a drink. I roll my eyes at her.
"What should we do this weekend?" It's the first day back and she is already attempting to make plans.
I shrug. "I dunno. We could hang out at my house and have a movie night." Whenever we make plans we usually do it my house. You see, since my mom is a doctor, she gets paid pretty well. My dad gets paid some, too. Let's just say my house is pretty big and we're NOT poor. Quite the opposite, actually.
"Sounds good." She says, right as the bell for first period rings. I pull out my schedule and see that I have English first period. What fun, note the sarcasm.
Kinsey and I say our goodbyes and walk to class. When I arrive, I sit down in the middle of the room. I don't sit at the front because that's were the "goody-goodies" sit. Yeah, I'm a straight-A student, but I am far from being a goody-goody. The back is were the "bad-boys" sit, and I am not getting in with that crowd. I'm just normal. Not too bad, not too good. Average, I guess.
When the tardy bell rings, Mrs. Bullock, the English teacher, enters the class, with a boy walking behind her. I take in his appearance. He is absolutely gorgeous. With those piercing green eyes, curly brown locks, and dimples in his cheeks.
"Welcome back, students. I hope you all had a wonderful summer. We have a new student joining us this year. This is Harry. Harry Styles."
Harry shoots us a small side smile and a little wave.
"Now, class, I expect you to be polite and if he needs help getting around, you help him. He is new to the states. He moved here from England with his mother and sister."
Oh so he's British. I like British boys.
"Alright now, Harry, you can take a seat anywhere you'd like. We don't have assigned seats." Mrs. Bullock smiles nicely. I watch him walk slowly towards the seat directly to my right.
I send him a warm smile and he kindly returns it.
Mrs. Bullock tells us that we won't be doing anything since it's the 1st day back. Not that we mind. I turn to my right and look at Harry.
"Hi. I'm Maddie." I say kindly, getting his attention.
He looks up and smiles at me. God, he is so gorgeous.
"Hello, love. I'm Harry." He says with a deep British accent.
"So. You're from England?" He nods. "Where in England, exactly?"
"Cheshire. Holmes Chapel, Cheshire."
"Oooh. Interesting. I've always wanted to go to England."
"Yes, it's a lovely place. Nice and homey." He says with a chuckle, showing his beautiful dimples. Dang. I wish I had dimples.
"So what made you move to little bitty ole Malakoff, and Texas in general?"
"Well, my mum got a job offer that was too good to turn down."
"Oh yeah? What does she do?"
"She is a nurse." (A/N I know this isn't true, but for the sake of the story let's pretend ;])
"Oh cool. My mom is a doctor. Did your mom get a job at a hospital or is it some sort of clinic?" I ask.
"Uh, a hospital. It's in the next town over, Athens, I believe is the name of it."
"Oh yes. My mom works there also. How cool is that?" I smile.
"Very" He returns the smile.
Athens is a bit bigger than Malakoff, with a population of 15,000, but still isn't a big city.
We chat some more until we hear the bell ring.
"Well, it was nice getting to know you, Maddie."
"Same to you, Harry."
We exchange phone numbers and walk to our next class.
***********
The next 4 classes fly by, and before I know it it's time for lunch. I go through the line and get a slice of pizza and a small salad, along with a bottle of water. I walk over to our usual lunch table where Kinsey is waiting with her lunch. The only people who sit at our table is Kinsey, her boyfriend Josh, and our friend Emma. Each table is circular, but it's quite big, being able to sit 5, so there is always an extra seat next to me.
I look around the cafeteria, and spot Harry looking for a seat.
"Harry!" I yell, getting his attention. His head whips my way and he smiles. I wave my hand, motioning for him to come sit with us. He slowly walks over and Kinsey shoots me a confused look.
He sits in the seat beside mine and I introduce him.
"Kinsey, Josh, Emma, this is Harry. He is new here. He moved here from England." I state in a matter-of-factly manner. "Harry this is my best friend, Kinsey, her boyfriend Josh, and our friend, Emma." I smile.
They all exchange waves and we eat our food. Josh and Emma are talking to Harry, when Kinsey turns to me, giving me a smirk.
"What?"
"So what do you think about Harry?" She asks, smirk remaining on her face.
"What do you mean? He is very nice." I say, feeling the heat creep up on my face.
"You like him, don't you?" She whispers.
"What? Pshhh. No. We just met."
"Mhmm. Okay." She says, not convinced. I playfully hit her and turn my head to Harry.
"Harry, Kinsey and I are hanging out this weekend, would you like to join us? We can invite Josh and Emma over, too."
"Okay. I'm shore that will be okay." He smiles.
"Its settled then. I will text you my address later."
*********
The rest of the day flew by. Turns out, I have about 5 of my classes with Harry. I walk to my car, getting in and starting it. When I pull up to my house a few minutes later, I see there is a moving truck at the house next door.
Odd, I thought. That house has been empty for ages.
I walk into the house and see that my mom is still yet to be home, so I walk over to the neighbor's house.
I knock on the door and am greeted by a woman looking to be in her early 40s. She has dark brown, almost black, hair and brown eyes.
"Hello, love." She greets me. "Is there something I can help you with?"
"Oh no. I was just coming by to say welcome to the block. I live next door." I smile.
"Mum, who is at the doo- Maddie?" I look behind the woman and see Harry.
"Oh. Hey, Harry." I smile.
"Harry, you know her?" His mom asks.
"Yeah, she goes to my school. We met this morning. Maddie, this is my mum, Anne." He says kindly.
"Hello, Anne. Very nice to meet you. I'm Maddie."
"Hello dear." She smiles.
"Maddie, didn't you say your mum worked at the same hospital my mum got a job at?"
"Oh yes. ETMC Athens? That's the place. My mom is a doctor there." I inform Anne.
"Oh yes. What is your mum's name love?"
"Jennifer. Jennifer Johnson."
"Oh yes! Dr. Johnson. I met her today while I went in to tour around the hospital. Lovely lady, she is."
"Maddie, would you like to come in? Maybe have a cup of tea?" Harry asks.
"That sound wonderful." I smile. I enter the house and follow Harry and Anne into the kitchen.
"You have a lovely home."
"Why thank you." Anne smiles.
Harry, Anne, and I sit at the kitchen table just having small talk and sipping tea, when I hear the door open.
"Mum! I'm home!"
"In the kitchen, Gem!"
A girl with brown/blonde hair walks in. She looks about 25.
"Oh. Hello." She smiles.
"Gemma, this is Maddie. Maddie, this is my sister, Gemma." Harry says. We exchange smiles and I stand up.
"Thank you for having me. I better get home. Mom should be back soon." I announce.
Anne stands and gives me a hug, and Gemma does the same.
"I walk you home." Harry says, rising from his chair. I smile and nod. We walk out the door and walk to my house in silence.
"Thank you for walking me. Your mom and sister seem lovely." I say.
"Yeah. Um do you maybe want to go to dinner Friday? Only if you want to of course." He says nervously.
I feel my cheeks heat up. "I would love to."
We hug and I enter my house, waving slightly as I shut the door. When it closes, I lean my back against it and sink down to the floor with a smile on my face.
I get up and run upstairs to my room. After changing into sweatpants and a hoodie, I throw my hair into a messy bun. I lay down on my bed an turn on my tv.
Glancing out my balcony doors, I can see Harry's house. I look closely as I see somebody move in the room. The curtains open and reveals Harry, looking up at the night sky smiling. Yeah, I had stayed at Harry's until it was dark. Whoops. I giggle and open the door. I walk out onto the balcony and lean on the railing.
"Hey Harry!" I yell.
He look over at me and smiles.
"Hey!"
"Goodnight! See you tomorrow!" I yell, and go back into my room as he waves. I close my doors, locking them and fall onto my bed.
Oh my God. I think I am falling for Harry Styles.
No no no no. I can't be. We just met. But yet, every time I am around him, my heart leaps for joy. I sigh, and turn of my tv and lights. I crawl under my covers and drift off to sleep, with a green-eyed, curly-haired boy on my mind..

~~~~~~~
Hello guys! Madelynn here. This is my second fanfiction, butttt I deleted my other one. I didn't like it.. :/ But Tell me what you guys though of this! I hope it was good. Longest chapter I've written haha. Vote?
~Madelynn <3
"I saw you with him in the cafeteria dani what were you doing with that guy" Molly says "I was walking in campus after my class. I was so tired to concentrate on where I was. I was so thirsty so I had to go and get some water. I opened my mirror to check out how I looked. I knew I've always looked horrible after physics classes but I needed to check out anyways. "Beautiful." "What?" "You look beautiful."I looked behind me to find the hottest boy in our school. Caleb. "I will receive that as a compliment". "I am Caleb." "Of course I know who you are". "I guess so. What's your name Rapunzel?"Rapunzel doesn't talk to strangers."Even if it's the most attractive guy in her school?0"That doesn't make him less stranger." I said with a small giggle. And then BOOM! He smiled. Wow? I haven't seen a smile like this before. So simple, so hot."I am Danielle anyways" "Danielle.. Nice to meet you..... Where are you going anyway?" "The cafeteria." "Would you mind if I came with you?" "Hum...No it's okay". "Do you have something to do tomorrow?" "I guess so. I have to study. Finals are soon?" "Just an hour ". "Okay. Why?" "So we can have lunch together" "When and where?" "Two thirty? And we can decide where tomorrow. Is it okay with you?" "I guess so." I've just agreed to hangout with a guy that I've just knew! Ohh . I opened my purse to pay for the water before he held my hand. "what are you doing?" I ask him "Paying for your water?" "I've just met you 5 minutes ago." "First of all I can't let you pay for anything when I'm with you. Plus we've met 7 minutes 20 seconds ago". "You're terrible" I giggled. "I know." He said. "I have a class now I should go, Later Caleb". "Later Rapunzel ". I walked to the dorm in a complete silence and that's it."I say "Hmm..why are you so happy".Molly says. "I am not happy" I say. "Liar. Look at the mirror and you will see your eyes shining 'pretty little lover' how cute you are." "Ohh just shut up. Are you going out or something?" "Yeah Damon is taking me to a dinner." "Aha...dinner". I laugh so loudly. "Yeah dinner! See you dani". And she shut the door close so I couldn't say one more word. Molly has been my friend for 3 months since I first came to NYU . And since we're in the same dorm so we are so close that we can be called 'besties'. Her and Damon have been together for 5 months. I believe they look so cute together. Molly is so flat to be called sexy but her blue eyes and blond hair that matches her freckles made her called beautiful. Unlike me. The difference between us is so clear. I am curvy, with pair of green eyes and really long red hair. So she's called the beauty and I'm called the sexy. And we're also different in personalities. I love being neat. My bed is always clean and my desk is always organized in the best way. Unlike her untidy bed and terrible desk. My phone starts buzzing right after I prepared my clothes for the shower. "Hey" "Hey Rapunzel ". "Caleb? Where did you get my number from". "Maybe you don't know me well . I can get everything whenever I want". "What do you want Caleb?" "I wanted to remind you of the date tomorrow ". "Date? Really " Is this how he is thinking. That I would go on a date with a stranger. Actually he isn't a stranger. He was my crush the first month I came to NYU but when I heard about him I hated him. But for him he has to know that he is a stranger. He will always be a stranger. "I was joking. Do you think I would go on a date with you? You're not even my type. It's just a normal hang out" ohh? Really....I am not his type! Wow. I hung up the phone. I shouldn't have talked to him. I shouldn't have accepted hanging out with him. I shouldn't have answered the phone. He didn't even call again to apologize. I don't care. He's a normal guy. Actually he's a man slut. He has slept with all the NYU girls. I don't care if he treated me bad. I don't care at all. It's 9:30 and that means I have to go to bed. I can't even take the shower that I have been willing for after that horrible day. Tomorrow is al long day. I have classes from 8 am till 3 pm. That means that I have too sleep well.
[Now]
I know you guys have your continents. That you are sure you are safe. But I promise you everything will change. I live in the year 3460. Where we live on a giant continent called Adora. It used to be called the America's and Africa. We live in the giant city of Knight. Bigger then what used to be London, New York, and L. A. combined. Knight is a collection of highrises, skyscrapers, subways, freeways and ruins of what used to be. It's huge, beautiful and most importantly dangerous. It is run by the gang Nerata.
There are all kinds of legends of how Nerata come to be. Most think it is created of what used to be political groups. That these groups create order in the city. That they are good. That they are trying to restore Knight. But then there are people like me. Those who know the truth. Those that are willing to speak the truth. Even if it means death. And maybe you will come to know the truth. Maybe you can help stop it before it comes true.
[The Future]
I look at me clock. It read 7:30. I jump out of bed "Shit!" I yell to the empty house. I look around my black bedroom. My eyes still blurry, my curtains still shut I stumble to my bright white bathroom. I look into the mirror "FUCK!" I definitely had a hangover. My bright yellow eyes were Bloodshot and I had bags under my eyes. I look at my black locks. I had sex hair. Yesterday night was blank. I do some light makeup and fix my hair. I turn on the light in my room and see a handsome man in my bed. I ignore him. Get dressed and run out.
I walk down the busy street. I wear my black hoodie and black pants. With combat boots to match. No one notices me. and that's how I like it. I get a little lost and I play with the gloves inside my jacket as I make my way to an alleyway. I would have to put them on soon. I hated this. Not my gloves or the place I was going to. No I hated the feeling of dread I got as I walked up to anyone. That if I touched them I would steal away something precious. I touch my shamrock necklace nervously. Sadly remembering.
"Heya toots." Says a sickening voice. I stop in my tracks. I'm almost there. The pamphlet said I would be safe. I turn to face a man with bright orange eyes. He winks. He's ugly and his breath stinks. "If you're on your way to ESOC. I suggest you tip the ferry master." I nod. I know what this meant. Take the most discreet way.
"If I must." I reply and hand him five Euro. He nods and opens a door. I step in and the entrance disappears. It takes all my strength not to scream. I quickly put on my gloves as I see I am surrounded by a wave of people. I look around. This time not as panicked and see I am in a train station like place except that the trains are clear plastic and well not everyone looks human. You see after the great change. People started adapting. Some already had the genetics. Others well they had some sort of freak accident. We developed powers and people got scared, could you blame them, some had scales and others, like me, were more discreet. But anyway you flip it the ones without powers persecuted us. Jealousy the elders pawned. But I just think they are scared.
I sit on the train. Alone. When the train starts to move I look up. I am surrounded by all different kinds of people. Some look no different from the regular humans up on the streets. Others look like dragons with scales and huge wings. And still others wear masks and cloaks. I look around and see a figure sitting across from me. It is in a black cloak. It's face hidden. All I can see is the ridiculously bright green eyes. I look down at my nice black leather gloves. Embarrassed. The ride takes ten minutes. When I hope off I look up in awe. There in a giant, humongous cavern. It has mirrors that reflect the sky and it feels like I am outside. It is 10 football fields wide and 20 deep. I start to walk on the sidewalk as I put my earphones in. I pass a gate with a sign that reads Einzigartig School of Cumhacht or the Unique School of Powers. I keep walking towards the school. I pass students reading or couples making out. I swallow hard. I hated being near so many. I walk to a more deserted place. And that is when everything goes black as Knight.


I'm waiting. I'm waiting 2 hours.For a man who is a manager of some band. I don't know exactly which one because he's going to tell me when I'll come into the room."Mia Blue" I heard my name.I came into the room.The manager has been sitting in front of the table. I took the place next to him."Please tell me something about you Miss Blue" he asked me."Hmm... So my name is Mia Blue, I'm 20 and I'm studying" I said."Where?" he asked."Cambridge School of Visual & Performing Arts" I answered.Silence.I'm in my own world but no longer than 3 minutes." I read that you worked as an assistant with other bands""Yes, I did.""So, you have to have experience" he said."Yeah, I think so" I said unsteadily."OKAY, so do you know why are you here?" he asked me."Yes" "I think that you're the best of those people who were here and was talking with me. I read many things about you and I think that you will we the best choice""Well, thank you" I blushed."So you will be the assistant of Arctic Monkeys band. Do you know who are they?""Yes, of course" I lay.
'I've worked with many famous people but who are they?! I don't know... Maybe I heard few times their songs, but now I can't sing them cause I don't remember any word of those songs.I really don't know them.' I thought.
"Everything alright Miss Blue?" man looked at me."Yes, sorry" I came back to the real world."Good, so tomorrow you're having meeting with them at 5.00 p.m. o'clock.If you have any problems please call me and I'll help you." "OKAY" I stood up and I wanted to go out."But please remember, you're only on probation I can always change you for another person" he warned me."OKAY, thank you and goodbye" I said and went out.
I'm happy because I have the work. But after meeting with the manger I have been thinking how will be tomorrow. I don't know them and they don't know me...All day I've tried to listening to their songs but either I haven't had wifi or everybody has called me in the same time.That was weird. I just want to go to bed and sleep.
I hear wolf whistles and comments about me saying things like, "Let me see what that mouth can do." "Shake that ass." "Damn baby, come ride on this." or even "Babygirl are you from California cause you looking fine."
I flick them all off or shove them. I mean, come on. Those hoes can leave me alone. I hate this school already. I had to move here since my father sent me here. Something about a vampire trying to attack me, oh and may I add that I'm a werewolf.
I finally got to my locker. "Well, Hello."
"What?" I sassily said as I stuffed some books in my bag. I turned and looked at the tall blonde with a lip ring. "Sassy much?" He closes his locker. "Yeah, judge me." I roll my eyes, "Show me where the office is." I told him. He shrugged and showed me the way.
"You must be Klaudia Ryann?" The principal asked. I nodded my head, "Please call me Klau." (A/N: Pronounced claw.)
She nodded her head and hands me a schedule. I thank her and exit the office. I look down at my schedule and see that I have P.E first. Great.
I would have to change out of my outfit, no thanks. I was wearing black leggings, black tank top, red flannel, and black and white Adidas. I would just make an excuse and say that I haven't bought my P.E cloths yet.
"What's your name?" I asked the blonde guy. "Luke Hemmings." He smiles, "So, where is the gym?" I asked. "Just go straight ahead and then turn a left once you see the girls bathroom. You should see a gym and there would be a girls locker room on the right. Now I have to go to history. See yah!" Luke waves as I smile.~~I was late to my class but it don't matter. "Is this Mr.Brooks' class?" I asked as I scanned the class. They were all in their gym cloths and were playing basket ball. "Why yes it is. You're Klaudia?" I nod my head, "okay you will be on the red team. The jerseys are right over there. And why don't you have your gym clothes?" I look down at my shoes, "Sorry sir. I haven't purchased them yet. I will have them by tomorrow." I lied and took my flannel off and put it next to a post.
I put on the red jersey and joined in the game. I raise an eyebrow when I see a familiar person. "Ashton?"
He turns around, eyes widen, and runs up to me to hug me. "Klau! I missed you to much. We need to catch up. When do you have lunch?" I try to remember what time... "Around 11:55."
"We have lunch together." He wraps his arm around my shoulders, "Now let's win this game. Met me on the field later alright?" I nod and began to play.~*~*~*~*Lunch~*~*~*~*I got some food which was mash potatoes, green peas, and apple juice. What the fuck is this? I need some meat.
I leave the food on the table and just go to the field. There wasn't anyone here but a group of guys, maybe Ashton is with them. I walk up to them, "Have you guys seen a curly headed guy, hazel eyes. About the size of a small giraffe." I asked, "Right here." Ashton laughs.
"Oh, hey." I giggled, "Aren't you that one new hot girl?" A kid asked. "I don't know. Am I?" I rolled my eyes, "Luke?"
"Hey!" He spreads his arms for a hug, "Nah I'm good." I laugh and hug him. "You know him?" Ashton asked me, "Sadly yes, this loser has his locker next to mine." I playfully punched his arm.
"Hey guys." I hear a high pitched voice say, I turn around and see a short girl with ombré straight hair and brown eyes. "Oh, hi Katie." Let me guess, typical white girl. "Who is this?" She eyed me in disgust, "This is-" I cut Luke off.
"I'm Klau. Why is there a problem?" I look down at her. "Yeah, actually. I'm supposed to be the only girl here. Cause you know.. I'm hot." She twirls her fake hair, "Sorry bitch, but you're ugly ass fuck. Maybe go fuck off with some other dudes. These guys obviously don't want you." I laughed. "No, they love me. Look at my big ass. Don't get me started with these bouncy boobs." She places her hands on her boobs, pushing them up.
All the guys looked away, "Ew. sorry to tell you this, but we ain't in a porn star show. Bye Felicia." I flip her off and turn around to the guys.
She shoved me, Ashton's eyes widen knowing that I'm about to rip this girls head off. "You have no idea who you're messing with, honey." I turn back to her.
I grab her neck and slammed her to the floor. I punch her in the face, already leaving her nose bloody. Ashton grabs my hands and pulls me up. "Relax. We can't reveal that we're werewolves." He whispers in my ear.
Katie starts coughing and holds on to her nose. "Bitch!" She yells out to me and runs to who knows where. Luke starts laughing, "Damn Klau. You sure do know how to fight."
"It's natural to me." I glance at Ashton, smiling.
"How old are you?" This pale guy with colored hair asked, "17. Let me tell you guys about myself. I'm Klaudia Ryann. I moved here without my parents, because I was having problems. My parents are the ones who told me to move, in LA. I used to live in Texas. I already knew Ashton when we were younger, grew up together. But he had to move here, for some reason. I love the color black and gold. My favorite animal are wolves and llamas. So that's pretty much it." I bit the inside of my cheek.
"Now, what about you guys? At least tell me you're names."
"I'm Michael."
"Calum."
"Harry."
"Niall."
1.NO GMODING I HATE IT
2.BE INDIVIDUAL DONT COPY ME OR OTHERS
3.DONT BULLY
4.DONT LEAVE PEOPLE ALONE
6.PARTICIPATE
7.if you read this you'll notice I skipped 5
PASSWORD: Digi-Fuse or Digi-Xros (depending on which one you prefer)
This is my first story so just keep up with me here hope you keep reading my stories if I make some thanks
I'm falling for a girl I can never have, but being able to hold her and cuddle, is worth it. I love seeing her smile, her laugh, I just love everything about her. She is herself and doesn't change anything about herself because of what others think. She makes me laugh and I can have a real honest conversation with her. She's the girl I've waited for; I'll just have to wait a little longer. As long as she is happy, I will be happy. ~C.x
.:FLASHBACK:.
It was dark, I was with Mark and we where camping with my brother and parents while his parents went for a night out. We heard leafs being crushed and and heard footsteps getting closer and closer. I hugged Mark tightly because he was in the same tent as me while the the rest of my family was in the other tent next to us. That was not a wise choice since mostly because I'm 8 and he's 9. I quickly took out a flash light out of the bag that was next to me and turned it on. I looked at Mark with a worried look and he looked at me the same. I slowly crawled to the opening of the tent and zipped up the zipper quickly and looked outside. Right there, their was a big brown bear eating all of the food that was hanging over the tree. The bear stopped what he was doing and stared at me. I quickly closed the tent and scurried next to Mark for comfort. I got in a ball and looked at him with my scared eyes and turned of the lights.........that's when everything went black. All I remember was screams of terror and being killed to death. The next thing I knew was being in a police car and seeing my Aunt crying while signing some sort of paper. I was scared. I didn't know where I was. I didn't see my family nor Mark and now I have to live wit my Aunt.
........HELP......ME.......PLEASE.......
.:FLASHBACK OVER:.
Today is the day when I find out what faction I am and, just so you know who I am im Melanie Eaton  but I go by mel.The beating have gotten worse since Tobias left Markus is mad that he left but what Tobias did was good.(Time skip to school)I was talking to my closet friend beatrice he father was also on the board with my "father" Markus. We hear a candor bullying  a abnegation "Cmon Beatrice we gotta help " I say.
Caleb held her back "Beatrice mind your own business"Caleb interjected.
"Ugh fine I'll do it myself" I responded "Hey you stop his parents aren't part if who decide it so its not his fault".
The candor looked at me in surpise "Mind your own business stiff" The candor said."No I won't he's part of my faction so stop ever heard of faction before blood  so im only telling you one back off"I respond."fine"The candor growls.I walk off(time skip to testing)"Melanie Eaton" The announcer  says.
I go into the room where a womam is.
"hello im Tori ill be your test giver today" she said.
"okay" I respond
She comes and sticks a needle on my collar bone. I wake up in a room full of mirror tori is there.
"pick" in her hands she holds cheese and a knife.
"What?!?!" I ask but she disapears and then a big dog A dog with a pointed nose stands a few yards away from me. It crouches low and creeps toward me, its
lips peeling back from its white teeth. A growl gurgles from deep in its throat, and I see why the
cheese would have come in handy. Or the knife. But it's too late now.
I think about running, but the dog will be faster than me. I can't wrestle it to the ground. My head
pounds. I have to make a decision. If I can jump over one of the tables and use it as a shield-no, I am
too short to jump over the tables, and not strong enough to tip one over.
The dog snarls, and I can almost feel the sound vibrating in my skull.
My biology textbook said that dogs can smell fear because of a chemical secreted by human glands
in a state of duress, the same chemical a dog's prey secretes. Smelling fear leads them to attack. The
dog inches toward me, its nails scraping the floor.
I can't run. I can't fight. Instead I breathe in the smell of the dog's foul breath and try not to think
about what it just ate. There are no whites in its eyes, just a black gleam.
What else do I know about dogs? I shouldn't look it in the eye. That's a sign of aggression. I
remember asking my father for a pet dog when I was young, and now, staring at the ground in front of
the dog's paws, I can't remember why. It comes closer, still growling. If staring into its eyes thats are full of aggravation.
My breaths are loud but steady. I sink to my knees. The last thing I want to do is lie down on the
ground in front of the dog-making its teeth level with my face-but it's the best option I have. I
stretch my legs out behind me and lean on my elbows. The dog creeps closer, and closer, until I feel
its warm breath on my face. My arms are shaking.
It barks in my ear, and I clench my teeth to keep from screaming.
Something rough and wet touches my cheek. The dog's growling stops, and when I lift my head to
look at it again, it is panting. It licked my face. I frown and sit on my heels. The dog props its paws up
on my knees and licks my chin. I cringe, wiping the drool from my skin, and laugh.
"You're not such a vicious beast, huh?"
I get up slowly so I don't startle it, but it seems like a different animal than the one that faced me a
few seconds ago. I stretch out a hand, carefully, so I can draw it back if I need to. The dog nudges my
hand with its head. I am suddenly glad I didn't pick up the knife.
I blink, and when my eyes open, a child stands across the room wearing a white dress. She stretches
out both hands and squeals, "Puppy!"
As she runs toward the dog at my side, I open my mouth to warn her, but I am too late. The dog
turns. Instead of growling, it barks and snarls and snaps, and its muscles bunch up like coiled wire.
About to pounce. I don't think, I just jump; I hurl my body on top of the dog, wrapping my arms
around its thick neck.
My head hits the ground. The dog is gone, and so is the little girl. Instead I am alone-in the testing
room, now empty. I turn in a slow circle and can't see myself in any of the mirrors. I push the door
open and walk into the hallway, but it isn't a hallway; it's a bus, and all the seats are taken.
I stand in the aisle and hold on to a pole. Sitting near me is a man with a newspaper. I can't see his
face over the top of the paper, but I can see his hands. They are scarred, like he was burned, and they
clench around the paper like he wants to crumple it.
"Do you know this guy?" he asks. He taps the picture on the front page of the newspaper. The
headline reads: "Brutal Murderer Finally Apprehended!" I stare at the word "murderer." It has been a
long time since I last read that word, but even its shape fills me with dread.
In the picture beneath the headline is a young man with a plain face and a beard. I feel like I do
know him, though I don't remember how. And at the same time, I feel like it would be a bad idea to
tell the man that.
"Well?" I hear anger in his voice. "Do you?"
A bad idea-no, a very bad idea. My heart pounds and I clutch the pole to keep my hands from
shaking, from giving me away. If I tell him I know the man from the article, something awful will
happen to me. But I can convince him that I don't. I can clear my throat and shrug my shoulders-but
that would be a lie.
I clear my throat.
"Do you?" he repeats.
I shrug my shoulders.
"Well?"
A shudder goes through me. My fear is irrational; this is just a test, it isn't real. "Nope," I say, my
voice casual. "No idea who he is."
He stands, and finally I see his face. He wears dark sunglasses and his mouth is bent into a snarl.
His cheek is rippled with scars, like his hands. He leans close to my face. His breath smells like
cigarettes. Not real, I remind myself. Not real.
"You're lying," he says. "You're lying!"
"I am not."
"I can see it in your eyes."
I pull myself up straighter. "You can't."
"If you know him," he says in a low voice, "you could save me. You could save me!"
I narrow my eyes. "Well," I say. I set my jaw. "I don't."
I WAKE TO sweaty palms and a pang of guilt in my chest. I am lying in the chair in the mirrored room.
When I tilt my head back, I see Tori behind me. She pinches her lips together and removes electrodes
from our heads. I wait for her to say something about the test-that it's over, or that I did well,
although how could I do poorly on a test like this?-but she says nothing, just pulls the wires from my
forehead.
I sit forward and wipe my palms off on my slacks. I had to have done something wrong, even if it
only happened in my mind. Is that strange look on Tori's face because she doesn't know how to tell
me what a terrible person I am? I wish she would just come out with it.
"That," she says, "was perplexing. Excuse me, I'll be right back."
Perplexing?
I bring my knees to my chest and bury my face in them. I wish I felt like crying, because the tears
might bring me a sense of release, but I don't. How can you fail a test you aren't allowed to prepare
for?
As the moments pass, I get more nervous. I have to wipe off my hands every few seconds as the
sweat collects-or maybe I just do it because it helps me feel calmer. What if they tell me that I'm not when finally. tori came back she told me Im divergent kust like my brother and she told me to go home and tell my parents I got sick so i did.
Do you ever think that the boys are perfectly perfect?
-------
(A/n) how was my first page?
Eliza xx
Ring, Ring, Ring, Ring.I wake up from my dream. I slam my alarm clock. It keeps ringing. "Oh shut up!" I yell as I pull the covers over my head. The vibration from the ringing causes the alarm clock to fall to the floor. It stops ringing. "Oh god!" I say under my breath. I rush out of bed and get ready, hating my life. I brush my teeth and take a shower. I go through my closet and pick out a pair of fresh clothes. A white tank top, burgundy jeans, and brown combat boots. I dry and brush my blonde curly hair. I run downstairs. "Hey Buddy!" I say as I pat my dog's caramel colour coat. His big brown eyes stare up at me as he wages his tail and sticks out his tongue. I put some food and water into his dog bowls. I start to pack my homework into my backpack. I release the table is empty. I look at Biscuit. As I walk over to him, he realizes I am angry and moves away. I see my homework where he was was laying. The paper is crumbled up and bitten up. My teacher will never believe the classic excuse 'my dog ate my homework'. "Biscuit!" I groan. I decide to leave home and walk today instead of getting my dad to drop me. I don't want to have to explain why my homework is not done. "Dad! I'm walking!" I yell. There is no response. I go upstairs and knock on the door that leads to his bedroom. There is no response. I figure he went to work early today. He did talk about how much work he has left yesterday. On my way to school, it started to rain, causing my white tank top to become see through. I pulled a sweater out of my backpack, put it on and ran home to change. I put on a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans, and high top sneakers. I put the wet tank top into the washing machine. I stuff some food into my mouth. "Dad! Can you drive me to school!" I yell hoping he is home. There is no response. I feel silly for asking because I remember thinking he went to work early. I notice a yellow sticky note on the fridge. It reads "Emma, I am at work and I will probably not be home for three days. My boss, Mr. Evens, is asking me to go to Chicago for some work. Call me if you need anything! And remember No party's -dad". I want to scream. I grab my raincoat and run to school. It takes 15 minutes, even though I ran. I enter the big brown school doors. I walk to my locker. I put in my combination. 12-45-23. I open my locker. Water pours out and wets the bottom of my pants and soaks my shoes. A picture falls out with the water. I pick it up. It is wet. I flip it over. It is a picture of me and my mom. Tears build in my eyes as I see her face. She has blonde curly hair, just like me. She also has blue eyes, and a big smile. I remember how my mom died. We were on a cruise. I fell over and she thought I was drowning. By the time someone noticed, I was the only one they could save. My mother never let them save her. She wanted me to get back first but they couldn't save her. Her body was never found. My father refuses to think she is dead. He always says 'she's still alive and waiting for us to find her' The school bell intrudes my thoughts. I turn around. I see Mr. Cuto looking at me in angrily. His white hair is short. His brown eyes stare firmly at me. His wrinkly face manages to look stern. He leads me to the office. "Come in." Mr.Smith, our principal says. Mr. Cuto escorts me into the office. "What is the problem?" Mr. Smith asks without looking at us. "She wet the whole hallway!" Mr. Cuto says harshly. "Miss Stone, do you have anything to say for yourself?" Mr. Smith asks me. "It wasn't me! It was a prank!" I argue. "She's lying!" Mr. Cuto says desperately. I think he doesn't want to clean up the mess. "Thank you Mr. Cuto. I will take care of Miss. Stone. Could you be find enough to clean the water?" Mr. Smith asks. He stares at me. Mr. Cuto nods and exits the office. After Mr. Smith and I have sorted everything out, I walk towards the cafeteria. As I walk by Mr. Cuto, he grins at me and says "Next time, you will be the one cleaning this up!" I decide to ignore him. I reach the cafeteria, grab my food and sit alone. To my surprise, I see a girl walk towards me. She has long brown hair and blue eyes. She sits at my table. "Hey Liz." I say angrily. Liz is one of the most popular girls in school. She nods "Emma." Two other girls walk towards us. One has Ariel red hair and the other had sea blue hair. They both have hazel eyes. "Ariel. Jenna." I say. "How did you like that early shower?" Jenna says. "It was you guys?" I question shocked. While Jenna nods probably, Ariel and Liz nod sadly. Arieland Liz look as if they are ashamed for what they did. "What do you guys want?!" I ask. "Liz wants to throw a party!" Says Ariel. "And I can't throw it at my house because my parents are at home." Liz continues. "So why do you need me?" I ask. "We heard your dad isn't home." Jenna says with a grin. "What do I get out of it?" I ask. They look at each other. "You can be our friend." Ariel offers. I remember all the countless days that I have sat alone at lunch because nobody wanted to sit with me. I nod. I grab my bag, pick up my tray, and put it on top of the trash can and walk out of the cafeteria. I walk into the girls bathroom, sit down and start to cry. I miss my mom. I miss her a lot.
Hey guys! The purpose of this chapter is so that you can get to know the 1D extended family and how they behave - building character. Written with the help of Divergent_kiwi

"SEX. SEX. SEX." That all I could hear from the idiots downstairs, who sounded like they were making a chant. Although I wouldn't be surprised if they were. I reached for my phone to film them.
Then I realised I couldn't find my phone. Suddenly a thought struck my mind, they might have my phone.......
"HARRY! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH FRIKKIN MY PHONE!" my voice rang through the house that I was sharing with my brothers and their friends.
I could here all five of them laughing their asses off like there was no tomorrow, "NOTHING." He shouted back.
Damn, they FUDGESUKKINBALLZ annoy the crap out of me sometimes. Who am I kidding? They annoy me all the time!
My name is  Lyric Horan. Yes, I'm Niall Horan's half sister, we happen to have the same dad. I am also Harry's half sister - same mother. Crazy right?
"I know you have it. You always mess with my twitter and stuff. Where is it?" I asked, walking into the lounge and tackling him.
"Luv you might want to look at your twitter" Zayn yelled at me
"I CAN'T DO THAT IF I DON'T HAVE MY FUDGENUGGET PHONE!" I yelled.
"Li, you realise you can use your laptop right?" That was Louis, or Louise as I liked to call him.
"But I want my phone back anyway!" I said, they just snickered.
"Fine you asses, but don't come crying back to me when bad stuff happens to you" I yell back at them. Before I have a chance to hear what they would yell at me I slammed the door so hard that I bet they could feel the vibration from downstairs.
I opened my door again, quietly, and went into Harry's room. I thought I'd take something of his that he can't live without. His bandana collection. I thought I'd hide them where he wouldn't find them. In my TAMPON DRAWER! I know amazing hiding place, right? No one would look there, and the boys hated me mentioning my period so I doubt they would look there. I mean, they always messed with me when I was grumpy, being like "Are you on your period?" or something like that, but they hated it when I corrupted them with...details.
A few minutes later, Harry came running up the stairs and entered my room.
"What the hell? Have you ever heard of this thing called knocking?" I asked.
"Yeah, right, sorry." he said
"Yeah for all we know you could have been masturbating or using a dildo." Zayn said from behind Harry with the rest of the guys.
"MASTURBATE, MASTURBATE IN FRONT OF US!" They chanted. I swear today was their day for chanting sick stuff to do with sex!
"Or I could help." Louis said, stepping forward.
"No thanks, Louise. I'm not a lesbian." I smirked at him, he had his mouth wide open, while the other doubled over laughing.
"Shut your trap you might catch flies." I said sarcastically.
"Okay...... well anyway we came up here to ask if you wanted Nandos for dinner and if you had looked at your twitter yet, by the way here's your phone" Liam said with a look of sincerity in his eyes, just making me question what the FUDGEBALLS they did with my twitter.
"Thanks? I'll have the Classic Chicken Wrap and a diet coke" I said, not sure if I should be happy or scared.
I unlocked my phone and opened my twitter. OH. MY. GOD. I looked at the history and the pictures were of them...being...DUMB! There was one where they were pulling faces...and the worst one was them... just wearing boxers...EWWW! Then I saw the video.... them chanting "Sex, sex, sex!" to say I was embarrassed would be an understatement. Oh my god! They really need girlfriends...But of course who would want to date them they're such slobs and sometimes they forget I live with them and come downstairs only wearing their boxers. Once Louis forgot to put on boxers and came down the stairs while I happened to be eating with Harry and Niall. Long story short both Harry and Niall lectured him about nudity, especially around me seeing as how I happen to be the opposite gender, and Harry's - my overprotective brother - little sister.
"You guys!" I yelled, running after the laughing baboons.
I jumped on them and we tumbled down the stairs. I know, I really don't sound that safe, but I am, just not around them, since they tackle...everything.
By the time we got up, I had finished tickling Zayn because he was the only one who knew my password, and we were panting from the wrestling and whatnot.
"You like?" Niall asked, pointing at my phone.
"No." I said deleting the pictures and video, but laughing at them.
"Oh, you're lying, you loved it!" Liam said turning around and smacking his butt. Before he could stand up properly, I kicked his ass and he stumbled forward, the others giving me high fives.
"I love you so much." Harry said with a proud smile while giving me a kiss on the head.
Sometimes I think Harry only does that because he wants to embarrass me in front of the others, then again, we do act like a married couple – minus the sleeping together and kissing on the lips. Just the thought of us being married makes me shiver.
"Tell me something I don't know." I said getting cocky, the others chanting "oohs" and "ahs", and then there's Niall saying "Oh! You just got told!"
Chapter OneI heard a thud and stumbled towards the door, I bent down and picked up the paper which had just fallen through my letter box, I stumbled back to the kitchen and played the paper out on the table. I skimmed through each story before my eyes stopped, right before me was an advert for a night guard job, I noted down the number since I needed a job and immediately rung it, I was greeted by the voice of a man...Scott (The Boss): "Hello? This is Fazbears entertainment."I took a deep breath before speaking. "I rung up about the night job for the local pizzeria near Oklahoma." I tried my best to sound cheery."Okay...uh what's your name?"I took another breath feeling quite awkward. "My name is Jenna, Sir" I heard his chuckle on the other side of the phone. "Please call me Scott and you start tonight, your uniform will be given to you by the janitor and make sure you are here by 11:45 to check the building of any people, if by any chance there is anyone make sure they are out by 12:00." Before I could say anything else he hung up, I put my house phone down and sighed. I still had a full day to so whatever I wanted, this sucked really since I didn't really have friends... ((Sorry this chapter is short, I promise the next one will be way longer! Also dont forget to comment, heart and favorite the shits....this is my first Fnaf fanfiction so Er...it might be a little bad. By the way the animatronics in this story are the human versions))
Hi guys so i kept this story as my secret story (it was locked in mind) so i've decided and ready to publish it
This story is based on the movie with the same title of the story, and it'll also take place in 1910's cuz the movie was in that era so sorry if you'll not like that
And also, Both Michael and Luke will be a bit older than there ages. Luke will be 22 and Michael will be.... 45 (no pedophilia if i finished this book or you watched that movie you'll understand) yeah...
Ashton will be there but im not sure about calum...
So yeah enough me talking and i'll start the first chapter soon
Im so excited :D
Ch.1
Why does school always have to be so damn boring?It's a nice day, clouds are covering the purple morning sky and a tiny breeze makes the treetops move in perfect sync.
And I have to watch it from inside a classroom filled with disgusting human beings.
I want to silently apologize for having that opinion,but sadly it's true. I sigh and let myself sink deeper into my chair. Class only just started a few minutes ago and I'm already bored.
The teacher, an old guy trying to make us learn about science, isn't even really motivated himself. Then again, he is a teacher after all.
I open my textbook and start solving the given problems without putting effort in it. I only scribble nonsense on my paper, trying to make it look like I'm working.
The classroom is filled with constant laughter of the popular people,
the ssshs of the naive good people,
the snoring of the "I don't even give a fuck" people, as i call them,
and the bragging of badboys trying to impress anyone within their view. I let out a small growl and look outside the window next to me. I'm sitting in the back with nobody next to me except some other creeps. Some other creeps? Yes, i count myself to the creeps. I myself don't know if that's confident or self-destructive.
It's probably just realistic.
I, Jen, am the queen of the creeps, purple-haired and purple-eyed little girl with some, more like alot, mental issues.Nice to meet you.
Hey there! I'm Alison, and as you may know, I really like to write stories. Since mid May, I've been working on a story and I'm ready to begin sharing it with you. It is not even close to complete, so hang tight as I struggle to get through this summer and write at the same time. I have the first two and a half chapters written, and I'm going to try to write as often as possible. Of course, the more feedback I get the more inspired I'll be to write so (; um yeah I'm planning on posting the first part tonight so keep your eyes open, and I'll talk to you soon!
-Alison
"Hailey! hurry we're gonna get caught!" i heard my bestfriend say frantically from below me. i was trying to climb down the fence from our nearby waterpark. yes, we just broke into the waterpark. Michelle was an adrenaline junkie and i just loved adventures. i guess this is why we got along so well.
"holy crap" i yelled when i jumped down the fence and toppled on top of my bestfriend. it was almost one in the morning and we were trying so hard not to burst out laughing and wake up everyone in the neighborhood. we both finally got up and started sprinting home. everything was going fine until we turned a corner and BAM i bumped into someone and we both collapsed on the sidewalk. i was on top of him and i was so embarrassed.
"woah slow down forest gump. where are you heading so late? pretty girl like you this late at night isn't safe." right then he put his hands around my waist and had a tight grip.
"let go of me you sicko." i tried pushing him away but his grip just got tighter.
i was scared i didn't know what to do i mean this stuff only happened to people in the movies right? i tried to yell out to Mich but all he did was put his hand on my mouth while the other was still on my waist. i was whimpering by now kicking and trying to get his heavy weight off of me. right as he was trying to reach under my shirt a car passed by and then its headlights shined on us and it screeched to a stop. the guy said a few swear words and got his hands out from under my shirt while i was still there on the floor crying as he ran away.
"HEY! YEA YOU BETTER RUN YOU LOW LIFE!" then his voice softened when he saw me.
"oh my gosh are you okay? did he do anything to you? here come on ill give you a ride home." i was still crying but not as much and i wasn't sure what to do so i let him help me up, while still keeping my distance, and let him help me walk over to his car.
"I'm Jack and you're safe with me. I promise."
"Im hailey."
and thats where our story starts.
Hi this is the writer hope u like the book sorry for any mistakes i will fix later on so please dont hate
Please like and comment
_______________________________________
Hi im morgan but my friends call me morgie or morgie boo im about 5,1 i have blonde hair my eyes are mostly silver
im turning 18 today which means i will find my mate well i hope i will i all waysed dreamed of finding my mate, when i found out about mates. I just hope mine dont reject me thats all of are scared of regection
"Morgan are you up"my mom called
"Ya mom im gettin ready"i said and dident get an anwser back i went to my closet and got out some riped skinnie jeans a crop top and my beanie i went and got in to a hot shower about 30 minutes later i got out and put my clothes on then a little bit of make up when i was done i walked down stairs to see my bestfriend there which to me was weird she would always sleep late i walked down to her she had a huge smile on her face."Were going SHOPING"she said practally screaming it i groaned i hated shoping i was probably was the only girl who hated shoping.she draged me to my parents they gave me money and they had a huge smile on there face ok now i know that somethings up my bestfriend(A/N her names skylen)grabed her car keys and draged me to her car HERE WE GO i thought........
TO BE CONTINUED......
HOPE U LIKED
Jessica's POVHo sistemato il mio top corto floreale e le mie converse , ho continuato ad ascoltare la musica in salotto. I miei genitori erano lì a guardare il calcio , mi sono tolta le cuffie per solo un minuto per andare a prendere qualcosa da mangiare. Sono andata in cucina e ho afferrato un sacchetto di patatine , quando sono tornata in soggiorno qualcuno mi ha afferrato il polso e io li ho dato una gomitata nello stomaco che lo ha fatto piegare dal dolore,poi l'ho spinto fino a terra .Ho continuato a mangiare le mie patatine quando la persona mi ha fatto inciampare e mi ha legato con le corde. La persona ringhiò e mi mise sul divano dove ero prima e ha iniziato a parlare con i miei genitori."Barb,Hank la porterò ." Disse l'uomo ."Va bene possiamo dirle addio." Mamma ha detto.Annuì i miei genitori hanno camminato fino a me."Mi Sciogli per favore". Pregai."Mi dispiace tesoro ma non possiamo" Mio padre ha detto."Cosa?" Ho detto in stato di shock."Devi andare con lui ci mancherai." Papà ha detto baciandomi la fronte mentre mamma mi baciò sulla guancia."Simon portarla". Mamma ha detto.Questo ragazzo Simon mi ha raccolto stile sposa , ho provato a resistere ma sono stata legata con la corda ed è molto stretta ,mi ha messo nel retro di questo furgone nero."Hai intenzione di calmarti." Simon ha detto."No", risposi come un bambino di 3 anni."Non ho voglia di avere a che fare con questa." Simon ha detto. Ha una mano in tasca dalla quale tirò fuori una pillola."Apri la bocca". Comandò.Scossi la testa e continuai a tenere le mie labbra sigillate, continuava a cercare di darmi la pillola."Pensavo di aver detto" Ho cominciato ma poi ha messo la pillola in bocca.Non ho ingoiato invece ho sputato fuori in mezzo agli occhi, questo non piacque molto a Simon. Ha usato le sue mani ,ha aperto la mia bocca con la forza e spinse la pillola in bocca.Questa volta è in realtà è andato giù per la gola, lui mi accarezzò la testa e chiuse la porta quando è uscito.Si è seduto nel posto di guida e ha iniziato a guidare, le palpebre si sentono pesanti e subito cado in un sonno profondo.
I will tell you before hand, there will be BOY ON BOY action (smut). And if you don't like that then don't read this story. There will be self harm and cussing. Don't read if you can't handle that. Thank you!I refer Jack to his name Sean in this story. but I will still put Jack/Sean POV. So no one gets confused. I am bad a writing, but I like to wright a lot. And I don't spell the best, but I will try my best. Sorry. Hope you guys like it! *\(^o^)/*
~M~
My name is Dylan. Yes I have a boy name. But I love it ,even if people make fun of me for it. I am 16 I will be 17 on September 13th. Anyway my mom wants me to have a social life and actually talk to people. Who does that.
"So Dylan, guess what?" Another atempt to get me to talk to people.
"What is it now mom" I say. She gave me that sweet smile the EVIL smile. I hate it. "Well I am good friends with Gina camron Dallas mom. And I got he to let you go to magcon with her son." I knew she was up to some thing EVIL . EVIL MOTHER.
"Mom why you know I don't like traveling.
" well look on the bright side traveling with nine boys and their girlfriends" Right most of them have girlfriends so what's the point.
" well Dylan you have no choice because while you on vacation I'll be in London i always wanted to go there" I go upstairs and start packing . swim suit, 10 pairs of shorts ,5pajama pants , 14 shirts ,books ,phone ,laptop, tablet. I'm done here . I smell PIZZA.
"MOMMY DID YOU ORDER PIZZA!"I run down stairs and grab a whole box and run back upstairs run into my room and lock the door. I put on the best song stitches by Shawn mendes. Deep down inside I am super happy to meet the guys. I actually think that their all super cute especially Sammy and Matt and shawn.  And they are all single witch is lucky for me. Not that I think I'm gonna get lucky and get one of them. In my head I'm ugly annoying and a whole bunch of other words. Mom said were leaving in two days. So I'm gonna go to bed now to speed things up a bit.
-morning-
I smell BACON. Pancakes. Sniff sniff . eggs. God moms going all out today.
" hey dill since today is our last day together for a while umm we're gonna hang out go for ice cream watch  a movie ya know. Stuff. " moms weird.
------------------------------------------
Sorry this is short but promise the next will be better and all the othecharacters  will come in. Vote comment  and be nice. Luv ya

HALEY'S POV:  It's been a week since Zayn proposed and I still don't have an answer. I feel like I should say yes, but at the same time I feel like I should say no because I love him, but I'm only 18. I need an answer by Friday. "Morning Lovely," Zayn says, walking up behind me and swaying my hips to the beat of the music. It is slow, and perfect, and romantic. "Morning, baby," I say, smiling my sleepy smile. We just stand there an sway, back and forth, until the song is over. The next song, "Marry Me" by Jason Derulo, comes on, and he turns me to face him, and we slow dance. Once the song is over, we sit on the couch, and just stare into each other's eyes. "I love you. You know that right?" Zayn says to me, tracing small circles on my neck with his thumb. "Yes. I love you. I will have an answer by Friday," I say, looking down at my ring. "That's my girl," he says, standing up as smacking my bum. "Hey!" I joke around, acting as if he has just walked in on a naked woman. "My apology ma'am." He jokes, taking his shirt off. His scar is quite scary, and sometimes makes me wanna forget about Isaac. But it's like I can tell when Isaac is thinking about me. Lately, I feel like he's been thinking about me all the time. "Care to take a shower with me?" Zayn asks me, reaching his hand out to me. "No thanks." I say, pushing his hand away. "Come on, PLEASE!?!?! I've already seen most of- you!" He jokes around. I away at his arm, and we walk to the room.ZAYN'S POV:  Wow. I knew she would some day, but I didn't think she would today! I tug down my sweatpants, and go to turn on the shower. Shortly after, Haley comes in with a robe on. "You can't possibly shower with a robe-" I say, being cut off by Haley's body. She drops the robe, and steps in the shower. My eyes can't help but take up and down her body. Her breasts are grabbable, and her bum has cute little dimples on them. The way the water hits her tan skin makes her look so- graceful. She looks up and smiles at me, and I kiss her. "Can I tell you something?" Haley asks, looking around nervously. "Yeah. Baby you can tell me anything." I say, reassuring her. "Well- I am- a er- virgin..." She awkwardly says. I am not going to laugh. Though its hard not to! I have never had a Virgin. "So? What do you want me to do? Show you?" I ask, trying to joke. "Well-..." She awkwardly looks around again. My eyes widen at the statement, and I nod, and hug her. I grab the shampoo, and scrub her hair...HALEY'S POV:  Is this actually happening? I dry off as Zayn goes to the bedroom. I brush my hair, and prepare for what might be the most mature experience of my life...
Disclaimer: characters belong to Rick, the plot is mine though
Percy's POV
I was staring at the ring that I was going to give Annabeth next week on my birthday. It is stunning, Aphrodite and Hephaestus helped make it. It was silver with an owl that had green diamonds for eyes, ingraved on the inside was : As long as we're together.
Suddenly I saw Nico running towards me. 'Found.... son.... of.... Poseidon', he panted clutching a stitch in his chest. I gave him a huge smile, I had a half-blood brother? I bolted after Nico to the porch of the big house. Sure enough, there was a guy with dark brown hair and sea green eyes almost the exact shade of mine. He looked about 17. I bet we were going to be great friends. How wrong I was.
----time skip one week later----
Turns out that Taylor (my half brother) was a huge jerk. His ego was ten times as big as Ares's and I had thought that that was impossible. For some reason the campers really liked him though. He started talking everybody into thinking that everything was my fault, the wars etc.
It all started small, him stealing things and pinning it on me, until he slowly convinced them I was a bad person. People started glaring at me, throwing stuff and calling me names.
One night I was walking down at the lake to clear my thoughts, since I couldn't find Annabeth. She has been avoiding me lately. Suddenly I heard movement and ten Ares campers grabbed me from behind. I was struggling like mad, but they were too strong. Then Taylor walked up to me, a dagger in his hand, his eyes glinting cruelly. He started slashing at me and I couldn't move, but I wouldn't cry out, I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. Then he whispered 'It's all your fault, you could have saved your friends. You are selfish, anyone would've done better. They all blame you, they all know who you really are, a monster. You let everyone die to protect you, they'd all still be alive. Your a murderer, you betrayed us all. All your fault!' With that he started carving the word Traitor on my arm. I wanted to cry, not because of the physical pain, but the mental. He had voiced all of my fears... they blamed me, it was my fault. I could've saved them, could've done better. I started to cry and the Ares kids dropped me with satisfaction. I ran into my cabin and lay there, crying, the words on my arm hurting like hell. For the first time I didn't dream.
----------line break------------
I woke up feeling miserable, but at least I had my wise girl. I made my way to the Athena cabin when I knocked, nobody answered. I peeked through the Window and saw a truly horrifying image. It was Annabeth, being undressed by none other than Taylor. NO NO NO NO NOT MY WISE GIRL! 'GET YOUR HANDS OFF HER!' I yelled. Annabeth glared at me, 'Leave me alone, I want to be with someone who didn't destroy our lives.' At these words my heart shattered into a million peaces. I threw the box with the ring at her and ran. I was surrounded by campers and they yelled:
'Traitor'
'It's all your fault'
'Leave!'
I ran from my old family, crying. I had to visit my mom right now.
------line break-----
I knocked on my mother's appartement door. No answer. Fear flooded me. 'Mom? Paul?' I yelled, still no answer. I kicked open the door and saw my mother and Paul on the floor, lying in a pool of blood. Their eyes were wide open. I fell to the floor next to my mom. 'NOOOO NOT MY MOM, MOOOM! Come back to me, please ...' I whispered. I had gotten someone killed again. I gently closed my mother's and Pauls eyes. I leaned in to kiss my mom's for head when I saw a flash of light and was suddenly on Olympus in the throne room.
'Perseus Achilles Jackson, you are hereby exiled from Olympus for the murder of Sally Jackson and Paul Blofis!' Zeus thundered. I as good as killed them, so I didn't protest. My dad yelled in disgust 'You are no son of mine! I, Poseidon, god of the sea, disown you as my son.' He ripped Riptide from me and kicked me into the elevator. ~~time skip 1 hour (btw it's Percy's birthday~~
I was tired and emotionally dying. I was running from a few hellhounds and then I stopped, realizing that there was no reason for me to carry on. I watched the hellhounds and the last thing I saw were claws, before I died.
So what do you think? Continue or nah?
... And as a punishment and to never forget the hurt you bestowed on me,  I will mark your unborn child in a way that will make you remember me,  every time you will look at him. The only way his spell will be broken, is by true love's first kiss... The wicked witch cast a spell and the room filled with fog. The smell was pleasant, but everyone present knew about the evil happening before their eyes. The fog bundled into a shapeless cloud and dove like a spear into the protruding belly of the queen. The evil witch barked out a laugh, and when the guards tried to arrest her, she disappeared into thin air. The Queen gasped and fell back on her throne, holding both of her hands over her belly. She shook her head in disbelief and told the baby that it was safe in her body, but she knew it was a lie. Her heart sank and she looked for the kind eyes of her husband. The guests murmured words the queen didn't understand, and the king hasted to kneel at his woman's side. He put his hands over his wife's and looked into her eyes. She looked fearful and for once he couldn't reassure her. The guests were ushered outside and the king and the queen tried to reason that the spell wasn't as bad and maybe the witch wasn't as powerful as she had tried to make them believe. Both of them knew that they were wrong and worried in their own way.
During the next days, magicians and healers were invited to the castle to ease the spell, but no one could be sure if it had worked or not. The queen's love for the growing life inside of her grew as well and out of protectiveness she retreated and refused to see another healer, magician or other person who wanted to fix her with horrendous medicines. She began to decorate the child's room and knitted clothes for the baby, and wondered if she would hold a boy or a girl in her arms soon.
One day, an atrocious thunderstorm shook the castle and in the light of the full moon and lightning, and to the sound of thunder the queen gave birth to a little boy. He cried loudly when he was pulled out of his mother's womb but as soon as he lay in her arms, he calmed down. The midwives were appalled to look at the little creature. His face was mutilated with scars and the veins on his left arm were painted black. His eyes were deep brown. Almost as dark as the devil's soul, they imagined.  The queen kissed her son's head with a pointed look at the woman and was happy to have survived the ordeal of giving birth. The father, however, had heard the whispers of the midwives and declared that everyone who spoke ill of his heir would be banned from this castle.  Word travelled fast in the kingdom. The king and the queen had become parents to a boy and the witch's spell had become a reality. It was told that the boy was defaced and had the devil's eyes. His name was Taryn.    z|ts
Hello everybody, I'm Wookie, and I want to start my diary asking you a little question: why are you interested to know more about me? Did you like my Reader Insert stories and wanted to know more? Are you some CIA or FBI agent that's looking for some criminal and is wondering if I am a good or bad person? I don't know so I am asking you.
I'm doing this story becouse I noticed that many good authors I like are starting similar things, so I wanted to try... but since I don't have many things people need to know, I'll just write whatever I'm thinking and feeling, hoping to not bore you to death....
About me I can tell you I am a girl, I was born in December in the 1996, and I live In Italy, even tough I know nothing more than the survival necessary in the art of cooking.
I'm studying to become an Informatic engeneer and specialize in computer graphics, then when I will be ready go to work In Japan or America and finally be able to realize my dream...
I want people to see my works and be able to feel the same emotion I felt when I looked up their works, I want to make people be able to dream as they teached me to do when I was standing hopeless.
I WANT TO GIVE EMOTIONS.
Another thing that you should know is that I love Anime, Manga, Fantasy, Action and Adventures Books and Films and super Heroes Comics.
I started writing when I was sixteen, becouse I needed to recover from a breakup, I wrote a little page on my school workbook that responded to the title "Kiss me to wake me up", that told about how a girl named Lyra that was in a bus sitted near her best friend Mark, but when they actually arrived at their stop she realized her friend was asleep and to wake him up she kissed him. Then she ran away from the shock when he actually woke up, just to be stopped by Mark who pulled Lyra close to him and kissed her.
Maybe I should write that story up again I mean, as a one-shot or something, if you want me to just say it and I'll do it! ^^
EzriaXoxLover as Lilly Lynch played by Piper Curda Austin North as himself R5 as themself Maia Mitchell as Herself Garrett Clayton as himself Becky G as Becky Lynch Austin Mahone as Ashton Mahone Laura Marano as herself Selena Gomez as herself Nick Jonas as himself Demi Lovato as herself Joe Jonas as himself Ryland Lynch as Himself Olivia Holt as Olivia LynchLuke Benward as himself Alexa Dowd
Mines is Name Lilly Lynch Age 18Slibing Becky ,Rydel,Ross ,Rocky ,Olivia,Riker and Ryland Best friend Selena,Demi,Maia ,Garrett,Nick,Joe,Luke ,Alexa,Ashton,Austin Band The Magical Lights with Selena,Demi,Nick ,Joe ,Olivia ,Luke ,Becky ,Ashton ,Austin,Maia,Garrett ,Alexa,Laura Job StartbucksStyle Fashionista Boyfriend Austin North Play by Piper Curda
NameAge slibingBest friend BandJob style Boyfriend Play by
norahxlynch I know you want to be Ryland Lynch girlfriend don you wanna be in this story and fill out the information please
Guys my character is on topEverybody in this story is dating Raura dating Garrett and Maia dating Ratilff is dating someoneI will come with a idea who Ratliff is dating okay
The dishwater burns my hands as I scrub off the last bit of tomato sauce from the plate in front of me.  I hear my father laugh from behind me. My family sits around the dinner table, playing a card game I don't recognize. I didn't want to take all the time to learn it, so I just volunteered to clean up instead. I like doing the dishes anyway; it gives me time to think.
I let my mind wander as I rinse the dishes I've washed so far. I think about my sixteenth birthday, which is tomorrow. It's truly hard to believe I'm going to be sixteen. I feel like I'm too young. It's like I haven't gained the amount of experience necessary to be a sixteen year old. I also look to young. I have a soft face and body, and I'm fairly short. The only physical trait that points to my correct age are my hips, which deliver a large curve to my body. I usually wear long sweaters and shirt to cover that aspect.
"Daisy!" I hear my father's hard voice from the table.
"Yes, Dad?" I ask.
"Are you done with those dishes, yet?" he asks.
"Almost," I reply.
"We're going to play another round, so if you'd like, you can talk a walk once you're finished," my father suggests.
My heart skips a beat for just a second. "That's sounds like a great idea. I think I will." He doesn't reply, and I know he's been drawn back into the game. A smile creeps onto my face and I scrub the few remaining dishes with a new burst of energy. I can see Collin. I've known Collin for five years, and he means everything to me, next to my family of course. My smile grows even wider as I picture his smile in my mind.
Once the dishes are finished, I dry my hands and rush to the back door. I throw on my coat and say a quick good-bye to my family before stepping out the door. The cool breeze rustles my hair as I close the door behind me. I'm glad I grabbed my coat. I make my way to the trail leading into the woods behind my house. Memories flood my mind as I walk down the trail to me and Collin's meeting place. I have a memory with every one of my four siblings in these woods. I look up to the apple tree that my older brother Bradley and I used to climb almost every day. Bradley is the clown of the family. Always trying to make us laugh. His ultimate goal is to get Graham and our father to laugh as much as possible; they're both so serious.
Graham is the oldest of the five Walters children. He is a true reflection of our father; serious, logical, protective, but still loving. Our father is a lawyer, and Graham is following in his footsteps. Then there is Bradley, who, like I said before, is the true clown of the family. He's always cracking jokes at the dinner table, or adding sarcastic comments to any story anybody tells. The middle child is Deacon. A man of few words. He doesn't really enjoy any sort of interaction with people he doesn't know well. He really only sticks to his siblings and his parents. My sister, Trinity, came along a few years later. She's very artistic, like our mother. She and mom always create paintings together, and all of them always come out beautifully.
Then there's me; the youngest. I'm not one of those stereo-typical-youngest-sibling kids who don't know what to do with their life. I know exactly what I'm going to be; a doctor. I've always dreamed of going to med school. I already know which college I'm going to apply to and everything. Although though I'm only a sophomore, it's a good feeling to know I already have my future planned.
As I walk through the dark trails, I text Collin to let him know I'm able to meet up. I know he'll be there before I am; he always is. I never thought I would have a guy who would rush to meet me somewhere; I always thought of myself as the girl who would never have one of those incredible love stories that everyone wishes they have. Although I still don't have something like that, I'm happy with what I have, because I have Collin Dolan's love.
My footsteps mix with the calming sounds of the stream as I make my way toward the small, rundown cabin Collin and I call ours. I grin as I look at it. This is where it all happened. Where I fell in love with him. When I realized that I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. My grin grows even wider as I see Collin step out from the entrance of the cabin.


Im not exactly crazy. In fact Im not crazy at all. I don't think that labeling me as a basket case would do much in the long run anyways. At least for most people.You know the people who are labeling others just to live their own dreams. Living their own perfect reality. Tearing others down so everything makes sense.I am just the person who wants no more false words only said to keep secrets. No more promises not able to be kept sung in lullaby's.The world is ruled that way so people who think all others are inferior can judge who is and is not worthy of a human life. I want to change it all so they can't judge me through there eyes without a clue of who I really am.I wish that I can walk through the world knowing a few things as I walk through the streets.That's when I know I can make my move. Stand up and speak for what I truly believe is actually right. People can't be critics when they hate everything anyways.I just­.My hand roughly pokes into the paper I had been writing my thoughts down on. I look down darkly at the little leather bound book. I had just begun to write down my true thoughts.I look down at my hands. My right hand currently holding my pen currently splattered with ink.I wince at the thought only thinking maybe I had been writing more harshly than intended.I sigh exasperated and frustrated. I shake my head softly trying to rid my head of my current thoughts. I jump in my seat alarmed by the blaring noise coming from the school like system holding warning blares telling us all what we do when to do it.We all quite clearly knew what would happen if we actually defy the system.To put it lightly nothing good. I look at my watch to see what time it is. I look back up in shock. I would be in huge trouble very soon if I didn't move very quickly. I quickly push back on my desk moving my chair outwards paper and pencil left in the dust.I quickly rush to my left hoping into my bed. Also called a bed frame filled with sheets. I quickly regret my jump at he left side of my body roughly hits the frame. I groan in pain and at my stupidity.My bed begins to groan at my weight. I hear the cities alarm go off once more telling me to fall asleep. I begin muttering at the inanimate object rather profusely."I will go to bed when I feel like going to bed not when you tell me to get into my freaking bed!"I sigh trying to pinpoint the exact moment when my hatred for the city had become so great in quantity.I am met with no time exactly. I soon give up on the idea as I figure it had been a growing feeling for quite a time.I soon try to fall asleeponly to be met with insomnia. I turn over to face my door laying on my stomach.I face upwards on my back head turned towards my window. I laugh quietly to myself thinking to myself.'What a nice view of the side of a crumbling brick building.'I roll onto my side inhaling a huge gust of air and exhaling with dramatized gusto. I roll back over onto my back looking up to my ceiling. I wonder if the stars will ever appear again.I stumble down the run down orphanages stairs. The kitchen is on the right of me front door to the left. I look at the kitchens table food on its surface.I scrunch my nose in disgust. The food was most likely paid by the cities tax money. Or from peoples pity. But as my stomach growls I am reminded that I have to get through life somehow.I grab a piece of toast before running out if the front door not bothering to look back. I walk down the sidewalks paved once smoothly cracked now by war that I don't know the details of. I forcefully shove my toast into my mouth kicking at stray rocks littering my path.I start thinking angrily to myself.Why can't any of us know. I mean we deserve to know why all of these rules are put in place. They can't keep us in secret forever! But I shake my head softly before chuckling lightly to myself. There is no such thing as letting us the civilians know such tremendous things. I kick another rock angrily.I go on like this the rest of my walk to the academy. I just walk at mutter. Stumble and stutter.I only stop when I almost trip on the first stair of my snobby schools stairs leading to the front doors. I catch myself balancing out my slip up.I stomp up the front stairs. I run into a wall. I look up angrily about to yell at the inanimate object. But to my surprise its just my one and only crush staring down at me with a smirk on his face.But crush or not I was getting ready to yell at something and I was going to finish my job. I put on my best You seriously are going to regret this face on. Then the bomb touches the ground."Watch where you are going you stupid human giant!"......................................................This is my book and I hope yall like it tell me what yall think it would mean a lot to me
-Sydney
In this story Katniss and everyone else lives in District 12 however they are not poor. Everyone has plenty of food and stuff like that.

All of the characters besides the ones I made up belong to Suzanne Collins and not myself. Secondly no one is forcing you to read this story so you don't have to so don't go commenting on how sucky you think my story is. However, if you have constructive comments I will gladly keep those in mind. Also sorry that I don't have a title I am getting to that.
Abigail or Abby has light brown hair that goes to the mid back and has crystal blue eyes. she is 16 and has a over protective brother thats 18.
Alex wake up the ice cream trucks here,heres five dollers go buy  some ice cream said his mom,but what they didn't know was the ice cream truck owner was a kidnapper,Alex walked up to the ice cream truck and ordered a hot fudge sundae but then the owner shot him,Alex woke up in a dark room with one candle by him,as Alex stood up the door started to open a girl ran in crying saying im next.
Alex was confused,what do you  mean you're next said Alex, The people are  going to torture me,wait are you new here said the girl yes where am i said Alex  i dont know no one does all we know is we are in a maze, my name is Jade,hi Jade im Alex.
They both can here other kids crying and screaming,The people who got torture never came back, suddenly the screaming stopped. It was silent Jade started crying she knew what that means it was her turn.
Two guys walked in they drag Jade out of the room Jade screams the loudest out of everybody suddenly it stopped the two guys walk down the hall with Jade body, she died.
As the teardrop  ran down Alex's face a boy walked in with a bunch of bruises and scratches on his body hi my name is joe.
Bethany's PovI woke up to the alarm next to me on my shelf I turned around and turned it off I got up and got in the shower and after 15 minutes I came out and the clock read 7:25. I put on a white shirt black skinny jeans and white high top converse and a grey sweater with a black beanie and I put on some make up as my usual just mascara and a little bit of foundation. I looked at the time and it was already 7:45 I grabbed my backpack and rushed out the room I ran down the stares to be greeted by my dad sitting down in the kitchen table and drinking coffee. I grabbed an apple and said bye to my dad and told him I'll be home at 6:00 because I had football practice after school.
When I got to school my friend Becky ran up to me and she seemed really excited. "why are you so happy out of nowhere?" I said "the Beckham's are here and Brooklyn is going to be attending our school!!" All I said was "oh" I didn't really care about boys or anything all that was important to me was football.
Brooklyn's PovAs I walked in a lot of girls started to run towards me but a girl walking in caught my attention and her friend ran up to her and seemed really excited about something.
Bethany's Pov The bell rang and I ran off to class and I walked in and sat down. As I was taking out my notebook from my backpack I heard our teacher Mr. Ram say "Brooklyn you will be sitting next to Bethany and that will be your seat for the rest of the school year" I groaned and said "oh great". I looked at him and he smiled and I just rolled my eyes at him. I kinda felt bad I didn't even know him and I was already being rude.
Brooklyn's Pov I smiled at her and she rolled her eyes at me I kinda felt upset, she didn't even know me and she was being mean to me. I sat down and said "hello my name's Brooklyn" and I stuck my hand out for her to shake and all she said was "hi" and turned around and continued doing what she was working on. .............................................(After school)
Bethany's PovNow for the best part of the day I said to my self. I ran to the locker room to get change into my practice cloths I was the first one outside I was just kicking the ball at the net until someone from behind me says "do you mind if I kick the ball around too?" I turned around and it was Brooklyn. "sure" I replied. ..........................................(After practice) Bethany's Pov When practice was over I was walking home until someone yelled " hold up" I turned around and of course it had to be Brooklyn. I stopped and just gave a fake smile. When he caught up to me he said "do you mind if I walk home with you? I just nodded my head and as we walked home it was an awkward silence until he said "what's your name?" I kept staring at the ground and said "Bethany Miller" and I looked up to him and he said "what a beautiful name for a beautiful girl." I stayed silent until I spoke and said "thank you for walking with me" he looked at the house I stopped on and said "do you live here? "Yes I do" "I live two house from here" he said. I looked and remember that house was on sell and I guessed his family bought it." Well I guess I'll be seeing you around" I said and waved. I walked in the house and went up to my room threw my backpack and jumped on my bed and drifted off to sleep.
This is the sequel of " Harry and Ginny: What happens after the war " In this book, you'll learn about Harry and Ginny's life after Hogwarts. You'll also learn what happens to the other characters of the famous series.
The story begins after the graduation from Hogwarts. Everyone starts a new life with the one they love. Everything seems to be perfect. Until Lucious Malfoy escapes from Askaban and brings chaos. He wants to reverse Harry and tries to harm him in a lot of ways...
Please read "Harry and Ginny: What happens after the war" because maybe you won't understand some things.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters. Only the story line belongs to me. All characters belong to J.K.Rowlling.
Hey so some of you might be the people who have read my other story 'Secrets' I am doing to story for the #justwriteit contest but I will still be updating for Secrets it just might not be as scheduled but the day I stop writing my first ever story will be the day I start writing the second book, or die, which ever one comes first . But anyway I gotta get writing so I'll see you lovely unicorns later! bye *kisses*
I was walking in the dark alleys at night with my navy blue hood covering half of my face. The alleys continued until I turned right and stopped at a dead end. I finally found home.
I walked over and placed my belongings in the dusty corner and laid my mattress I found a couple weeks ago alongs the side. I was damn tired, but my work here wasn't done.
I walked forward a couple steps forward and stared down. I focused my mind and raised my arms. The brick walls started to form in front of me, leaving a space where the door would be. It towered up and up until it reached to the mark where it stopped. I pulled my arms down and looked up. I focused once more and I raised my palm outwards towards the empty space and a door darted into the empty space and fitted perfectly.
I yawned and turned around to get to sleep. I laid down and covered myself in my warm blanket. Today was such a hard day.
Before~I was running as fast as I could away from the mentally insane man, holding a broom and trying to smack me. He was wearing a brown apron, black slippers, and a red band across his forehead. He totally doesn't have a sense of style.
"Come back here, Omega! Give me back those clothing and cans of food," the man spatted. I stole those to survive since everyone knows I'm homeless, but I'll make a home later. And I really mean MAKE.
My name is Omega Hemphrey. I am 11 years old and my parents died from cancer. I was gifted with some kind of powerful magic and illusions that helped me out the way. I live in Rachel, Nevada. A really small town that the population is only 54. I was wanted for 2 years do to my awesome actions of stealing belongings and disappearing before they catch me.
I stopped and turned around. The man smirked and was going to smack me. All of a sudden, a white flash gloom on me and I vanished before he did it. I teleported to the alleys near a small abandoned hotel called, Shacks. I started walking along as the shadows swallowed me in.
The Man's POV~
I placed my belongings on the bench behind me and turned around to serve my customers. After a few minutes, I caught a glimpse behind me at the corner of my eye and I turned sharply and saw Omega hugging my belongings in her arms. Her dirty blonde hair was hidden her her navy blue hoodie and her light blue eyes sparkled.
She saw me looking at her and she cursed silently before sprinting away. "Come back here, Omega! Or there will be consequences for you," I shouted. Everyone around the area looked at us with shocked faces. I took my broom and started chasing after her.
My apron was flapping against my body and I almost tripped since I am wearing slippers while running. All of a sudden, she stops and turns to face me. Now is my chance! I flung the broom at her but something white flashed on her and she vanished as I finally flung in thee air.
There was a long silence until everyone went back to their work. I sighed in disappointment and walked back to my shop. The customers said that I would get my things back one day. I just nodded and sat on the bench. I told them they could come back later since I need some rest. My family photo was in my man-purse and now I lost it. I tried to keep in the tears but failed.
A tall teen walked by and saw me. He walked over and sat beside me on the bench. There was a long silence until he faced me and smiled. He let out his hand and said,
"Esther Henwicks. Nice to meet you!"
"Donald Lupin. Did you see me running down the pathway?" I shook his hand.
He nodded and laughed, but stopped after he saw me not laughing too. "Don't worry, I will help you get your things back!"
I smiled and we both started talking for a little while. What I learned from him was that he was only 17 years old and dropped out of school to learn magic and illusions. He said that he wanted to try to capture Omega and jail her in prison, a special prison.
He afterwards had to leave and visit his grandmother that was outside of town. We gave each other our cell numbers and he saluted to me and left. I also decided to head home so I closed my shop, and starting walking home. It was only about a 15 minute walk but I decided to take it easier. I walked silently as the gravel beneath my feet shifted and making noises.
It started raining so I decided to run home since I didn't bring my umbrella along with me. I arrived and quickly opened the door and sprang inside. My clothes were super soaked as it dripped on the floor. I rushed upstairs and walked into my room. I grabbed a new pair of clothes and went into the washroom to change. As I finished,  I walked out and gasped of what I saw.
Someone had taken my mattress and replaced it with crumpled little note and I also lost my notebook that I bought to use it for a list of 'Things To Buy And Sell It At My Shop'. I slowly walked towards the crumpled note and held it in my hands. I saw that ink was smudged all over the paper and got onto my hands. I opened the note and read it over and over again:
Sorry, I'm just borrowing it,No one will actually catch me bc they ain't fit,I know I am small but I' pretty tough,Why does everyone gotta' be so rough?
Esther HenwicksVersusOmega Hemphrey Let's see who wins.
I sat down on the nearest chair and took a deep breath.
Why do I always get bad luck?
Early 19th century-Salem
'That of immortal blood, create that of immortal life." ▲▼▲During this time a new breed of humans was created, more powerful and technological advanced  beyond anything of its kind. They were designed to be faster, smarter and magically inclined.These super beings where said to have been given birth by the witches.... The witches of Salem.
As the centuries dragged on, they began specialising in their vast skills; many realised that there was more to being just immortal they wanted to become the last and only  survivours of this rapid growing species. Many had tired to wipe out their fellow citizens on to have failed, until one in particular. He would come to be known as.....
THE EQUALISER.
Walking up a flight of stairs that lead to aunt lulus house, I stop to admire everything she had. She had what every kid wanted. A home and family. I walk up to the white door and knock twice. Then I heard footsteps coming closer and closer. Someone answered the door. It was aunt lulu"Why it isn't my favorite niece, come on in Hanna," she insisted, motioning her hand in the doorway."Now the kitchen is to your left, living room to your right, both yours and mine upstairs, and your own bathroom," she said walking into the kitchen. I sat my apricot book bag on the floor next to my black,Campari,and cameo pink Nike shoes. I walk into the living room, the carpet light brown. I sit on the couch and take my black socks off. The warmth of the carpet and how soft it was, made me feel like I was in heaven. I hadn't been in a house, or even a building for months. I lay back and take the remote from the coffee table. "Uh. Aunt lulu," I say in an low voice," how does this work?""Oh," I hand the remote to her and she starts pressing buttons," all that you'll need to know is these buttons, 1 7 and 4. Ok."She hands back the remote and I press 1 7 and 4 like told and my little pony comes on. "I'm not eight, I'm fourteen!" I yell across the living room, hoping she could hear me from the kitchen. She walks in and stares at me for a moment and walks back into the kitchen. Ignoring anything I had to say, I just watch what was on. After an hour of my little pony, I get up and reach for my sketchbook in my bag. I scan each page, remembering every bit of it. It was my childhood. My parents had given it to me as a present one Christmas, and I drew and noted many things in it. Most of the drawings were my dreams, but some were nightmares. Finding a blank page, I took my time to look around the living room. A high white and gold ceiling fan. A flat screen TV on the carnelian wall and paintings big and small. One of the paintings my mom had painted, it's canvas perfect, like she. I loved my parents dearly, but when they left, I felt like they didn't love me. They left when I was twelve, both had which said ' we'll be back soon, we promise ' but never came back. Staying at my brothers house for awhile, he left saying he had to meet someone very important, which was probably some stupid whore he had got a call from. So he left as well. I stayed home for days which then turned to weeks. Then I just left, taking all his money he had in drawers and piggy banks. Making my way to Denver, Colorado, taking buses and subways. Finally, where I'm at now, my only aunt, aunt lulu, took me in and now I live here. So I start drawing, with my new mechanical pencil I got from a kid for one dollar. Every little thing in this house I drew, so I went upstairs to both mine and lulus room, drawing. It calmed me, drawing. ' It was a gift from god ' my mother would always say. ' never loose it, for it will protect you ' I always thought at some point in time, I would see my mother again. But for two years, it's hard to keep thinking that. For even I didn't know where my brother, my only brother, Harley was. Or if he was still alive. So I lay on my bed drawing the rest of my new room. It, was of course, pink. Salmon pink, hot pink, and cameo pink like my shoes. Even the bed, little white and pink stripes, with a purple pillow case. Hearing foot steps walk up the creaking wooden stairs, I sit up and put my sketchbook aside on my nightstand. My aunt opens the door slightly and sees me sitting on my bed. Then she fully opens it and walks up to me with a small box. It was a white rectangular shaped box. She sat on my bed and handed it to me. I unwrapped it and saw on the front an iPhone 5c and on the side the words ' IPhone 5c '"Do you like it dear?" She asked staring at me with wide eyes. "Oh I love it!" I turned and hugged her with it to my chest. "I haven't ever had a phone before, again, thanks!"Oh, anything for you dear, anything," she said staring at me all weird now. I ignored it though and opened it up. It was amazing. She also handed me a beautiful Celeste phone case. I was in love, I put it on and turned my new phone on. "How did you even know I would be coming, cause this is new?" I asked waiting for the phone to turn on. "Oh, yeah," she said turning her head a little, "I just had one of those magical feelings inside that you would show up to my door. It's not like I've been waiting years and years for you to come." She got up and walked out my room, not saying a word after. Yes it weirded me out but hey, new phone. So I was on my phone, customizing it as I look through. I stopped at 'contacts' I didn't even know anybody. But when I opened it up, it had one contact in it, 'dear' I blinked a couple times, was this actually real? A brand new phone, never opened or even turned on, have my aunts contact in it. So I clicked on the contact an it had all her info. Number email birthday and in notes it said ' your dear aunt is here to help 'I didn't wanna be called or even call her dear anymore. It sounded weird. So I just deleted the contact and went down stairs to ask her for her number so it wouldn't be all. Weird. As I proceeded down, I heard tiny noises coming from her bedroom. So I walked back up and put my eye in the keyhole. Barely seeing through, I saw her sitting on her bed with a knife in hand, slowly cutting at her arm. Why was this happening, what happened to the good old aunt I used to know and love. This was crazy. So I opened the door and everything was normal. She was laying on her bed taking a nap, no knife in hand and not a knife at all. What was this I was having, a dream, or nightmare...
My Love For You Barbie
Cast
Prillybie Mahatei Latuconsina , seorang siswi Syarief International High School . Cewek terimut , baik , narsis sehingga hampir setiap aktivitasnya ia selalu mengupload di akun Instagram @Prillybie yang sekarang sudah memiliki ratusan ribu Followers dan juga akun Pathnya Prillybie Mahatei L  . Ia memiliki sahabat Satu-satunya dan yang selalu menemaninya yaitu Laudya . Prilly lebih terkenal dengan sebutan Bie atau Barbie karena memiliki wajah yang seperti barbie . Cewek kelahiran Jakarta , 15 Oktober 1996 ini keturunan seorang pemilik Perusahaan Sukses Latuconsina Company yaitu Rizal Latuconsina dari Ambon dan Ully Julita dari Sunda . Sehingga ia memiliki wajah yang begitu memikat banyak orang laki-laki maupun perempuan banyak yang menyukainya.
Aliando Mahendra Syarief , seorang Siswa pindahan dari London ke Syarief International High School . Dia seorang Cowok yang ramah , suka menolong dan tidak sombong tetapi suka bersifat dingin kepada orang yang selalu mengusiknya. Cowok ini pindah ke Jakarta karena perintah orang tuanya dan juga mengincar barbie yang selalu @aliandooo like foto instagram dan Path nya yang ternyata dia sekolah di sekolah miliknya. Cowok kelahiran Jakarta , 26 oktober 1996 ini keturunan seorang pengusaha dan pemilik sekolah Syarief International High school di Jakarta yaitu Syarief Alkatiri dari arab dan Resi Refado dari Padang. Dia memiliki yang yang sangat menawan alis yang tebal dan bulu mata yang lentik sehingga banyak wanita yang memuja nya. Tetapi ia hanya setia pada barbienya.
********
Hanya mengenalkan karakternya saja ....Rahmi❤
Its been a week since my parents passed and I've done nothing but pack despite what my "friends" say to me. They're fake, and they're not helping me at all with my grief. I have to go all the way to Seoul, in Korea, I guess it's good I'm almost fluent in Korean. Right? Argh! I hate it I don't even know my family there. They are pure Korean. Me, I look like an absolute foreigner; red hair, pale skin, green eyes, I'm medium height 5'4, I have curves, and boobs. Unlike those girls there I don't have to be perfectly respectful to guys. Ha!
"Miss. Du Blanc, it's time to go. Your stuff will be there before you so you don't need to worry about that." My Butler said as I walked out of my room in a white sweater dress and black tights with a beret, various jewelry, and black stilleto knee high boots. "Thank you Jacob, I'll miss you the most. My only true friend." I sighed. "Thank you Miss. Ill miss you too." He said opening the limo door for me. I'm rich and my mother was a famous model OK. Don't judge me. "Please drive fast Jacob, I can't stand to look at that house any more I just want to get to Korea at the moment." I said stiffly. "Yes Miss." He replied speeding off to the airport.
"Miss we're here. Your plane is 401 international it leaves in half an hour." He said as I stepped out putting my sunglasses on. "Thank you." I said fighting back tears as my lifelong friend hugs me before I pull away and run to the terminal. I don't want to go. I don't know my uncles family. I don't know the school. I don't want to be an outcast. I want to stay here and be popular and loved by everyone. I need my mom!
I'm on the plane now and we're about two hours into the flight. I'm so sleepy but I can't seem to sleep. I'm in my own plane compartment but I feel like I'm not alone. Gah! I'm going insane. I'm alone in this world and I know it.
Ahhhhh I fell asleep. But it felt good I guess. I was awoken by a stewardess telling me " We've landed Miss." And all I could think of was oh my God I slept through the entire plane ride. "Thank you I'll be going now." I said leaving the plane and seeing my name the on a card in English thankfully. "Are you Miss. Lacey?" The man asked. "Yes are you here to bring me to my uncle?" I returned. "Yes, this way to the car Miss." He started walking away.
20 minutes later
"Miss. Were here." The driver said stopping in the drive way of a mansion. Oooh it's pretty, a brick structure with black and white accents. "Wow it's nice." I mumbled. "Lacey? Oh my look at you you're so grown up! I'm your aunt Lee Sue. You're uncle is inside his name is Lee man-ah. Just call him uncle Lee OK." She said ushering me into the foyer. "Darling Lacey's here." She called. "What! Lacey oh my look at you. Just like your mother. Come on dear well show you your room so you can unpack. Oh can you drive?" He asked on the way to my room. "Yes, why do you ask uncle Lee?" I returned. "I got you a motorbike for school." He said as we arrived at my room. The room is huge, it has a walk in closet, it's own bathroom, and is already unpacked. All except my clothes. The room is chic, black and white wallpaper and white carpet. All the furniture is black wood. "Its so pretty thank you uncle Lee." I called down the stairs as I explored finding a door to a balcony over looking a lake. I guess I wasn't the only one enjoying the view because when I looked over to the neighbouring mansion a teen age boy was standing there looking at me. GREAT. What a nice way to meet someone.
"Lacey! Dinners ready. Come and eat." I heard. "Coming aunt  Sue." I returned as me and the boy continued to stare at each other. I broke my stare and ran inside, in stilettos might I add. "Aunt Sue who lives next door?" I asked. "Oh that is the Park house. Why?" She inquired as I ate my salad. "No reason. I start school tomorrow right?" I asked changing the subject. "Yep, you can take your motorbike if you want or I could drive you." Uncle Lee said. "No I'll drive." I said getting up to shower and do my nails. Nails first and I'll do those on the balcony at my table, I'm guessing for breakfast. "Okay so I'm wearing this?" I questioned looking at the uniform. "Aunt Lee! Do I really have to wear this it's so so uniform." I whined coming out to the balcony where she was sitting helping me lay stuff out for school. "Well yeah your not in England anymore dear. You have to wear uniforms." She said sweetly obviously trying to coaxe me into wearing it. "Ugh! Fine but I hate it. Can I choose my shoes?" I asked hopefully. "They have to be black though, but yes." She replied as my face lit up. "Yes!" I shrieked as the Park boy walked onto the balcony groggily. "Hey I'm trying to sleep please shut up." He said as I laughed and went inside with aunt Sue.
I slammed my brightly-painted door, silently cursing and ignoring my mother's words. I hear her screaming at Alex too, but she clearly knows he's not listening either. She wants to take us to a campsite this summer. It would be perfect if only I wasn't going on a road trip with my best friend Cody and Alex planning on flying to Paris to scope out his new College that he'll be attending this fall. As I flop onto my bed, I hear her stomping downstairs. Probably to talk to my dad. It's not like he's going to do anything. Alcohol took over his system years ago. The most he'll do to "help the situation" is yell at us and most likely result to a smack from the hand. I don't know why she's stays with them.**********************************************My mother is furious with us. She did not speak to me until an hour ago, when she said 'Good night'. Whatever. I sigh and pull out my notebook and start to write a new horror story. This ones about a clown and some terrifying dreams. I shudder and look around. I quickly drop my things and run into Alex's room. I sigh. He's working. I hug him from behind and then back away. He looks over at me and smiles. He then gives me a look that I'm guessing means "Go to sleep". I'm only a year younger... It's not like I'm a baby. Not like Annaliese was... Annaliese. I blink back tears and walk back to my room and jump into my bed. I rest my head on the slightly chilly pillow and curl up in my comforter. I start to think about the summer until exhaustion takes over.
A/N: Hope you enjoyed the first part! It was a filler, just there so you get a better understanding:) I know it's short... Sorry. Please vote and share xo- CrazyFangirl108
Mary walked out of the cave and faced the army. But this was a different Mary. Her eyes were dull and emotionless. She began to sing. "To Moscow I came seeking fortune But they're making me work til I'm dead The bourgeoisie have it so easy The Tsar's putting gold on his bread The people of Moscow are hungry But think what a feast there could be If we could create a socialist state That cared for the people like me:I am the man who arranges the blocks That descend upon me from up above. They come down and I spin them around Til they fit in the ground like hand in glove. Sometimes it seems that to move blocks is fine And the lines will be formed as they fall -Then I see that I have misjudged it! I should not have nudged it after all. Can I have a long one please? Why must these infernal blocks tease?I am the man who arranges the blocks That continue to fall from up above. Come Muscovite! Let the workers unite! A collective regime of peace and love. I work so hard in arranging the blocks But the landlord and taxman bleed me dry But the workers will rise! We will not compromise For we know that the old regime must die. Long live Lenin, kill the tsar! We salute the sickle and star!I am the man who arranges the blocks That continue to fall from up above. The food on your plate now belongs to the state A collective regime of peace and love. I have no choice in arranging the blocks Under Bolshevik rule, what they say goes. The rule of the game is we all are the same And my blocks must create unbroken rows. Long live Stalin! He loves you! Sing these words, or you know what he'll do...I am the man who arranges the blocks That are made by the men in Kazakhstan. They come two weeks late and they don't tessellate But we're working to Stalin's five year plan. I am the man who arranges the tanks That will make all the Nazis keep away The Fuhrer is dead, and Europe is Red! Let us point all our guns at the USA. We shall live forever more! We can start a nuclear war!I am the man who arranges the blocks That are building a highly secret base. Hip hip hurrah for the USSR!HIP We are sending our men to outer space. I work so hard in arranging the blocks But each night I go home to my wife in tears -What's the point of it all, when you're building a wall And in front of your eyes it disappears? Pointless work for pointless pay This is one game I shall not play.I am the man who arranges the blocks! But tomorrow I think I'll stay in bed. The winter is cold, I've got plenty of gold And I'm standing in line for a loaf of bread Maybe we'd be better off If we brought down GorbachevI am the man who arranges the blocks That continue to fall from up above. The markets are free! So much money for me! Tell me, why should I care for peace and love? The markets are free! So much money for me! Tell me, why should I care for peace and love? Peace and love, peace and love!And now the wall is down, the Marxists frown There's foreign shops all over town When in Red Square, well don't despair." She said marching down to the army. They formed in lines and marched behind her. She smirked. She began laugh.
My story, in a word, is a long story. You don't understand? How long does three hundred twenty three years seem? Allow me to explain.
My name is Courtney Morgan. My family were from England initially, but moved to Salem Massachusetts in 1675. I was born on high seas rocking back amd forth on a wooden boat with my mother as she whaled being assisted by the twenty three other woman. I had four older siblings; thirteen year old Tommy, twelve year old Abby, eleven year old Margo and ten year old Sophia. They were all born and raised in our small port town on the coast of western England. My father, a Frenchman from a wealthy family, had a strong accent that matched his larger than life personality. My mother, a peasants daughter from Belgium, had a British accent that she inherited from her London native mother. My parents met in Belgium and had my brother and moved to our little town by Liverpool. One by one my sisters followed and ten years later when there was not much income coming by, they once more uprooted to The New Land, specifically, Salem, Massachusetts in 1675. Two months into the journey I was born a month early in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean as we head West to the New World as dubbed by Columbus some thirty years earlier.
We bought a plot of land in the country where there was space to plow and a forest to explore with a pond hidden in the middle. We bought cattle and some chickens and draft horses for our farm and board by board my father built our large six bedroom home. Enough room for everyone and a lovely parlor for afternoon tea and my lessons on how to be a gentle women. I wasn't much for that life. By the time I could walk I would run, and explore with Tommy, then fourteen, in the woods behind the woods.
It was a good life early. Not that anything bad happened, yet at least, but by the time I turned ten, my mother sat me down and began teaching me how to pour tea and knit and all kinds of boring subjects. I wasn't allowed to explore anymore.
Tommy had turned twenty three that June and bought a piece of land by ours to build his three bedroom cabin even further in the woods where he and his wife and only child, a boy he'd eventually raise alone, would live and grow.
Abby, was twenty two and ran off to Georgia to marry a rich man and they owned a large plantation growing cotton their slaves picked.
Margo was twenty one and had also moved away to Georgia, more southern and western than Abby, and had done the same with her husband and they soon had fourteen kids!
Sophia was twenty and semi stayed close, Maine. She owned a farm she and her husband inherited from his parents, a mansion which as unusual in these parts, and they raised their five kids, three triplet boys and two twin girls.
So it left me by myself on the farm for a lonely three years, which felt like an eternity. By then, disease swept the south and took Abby's husband and she was alone so she came back home. But then she was too old for me. And in six months, the same happened Margo's husband and her five of her children, they came back as well. Father never got much rest as he began to build on to the house adding three rooms.
The family ended up staying close together, except for Sophia, which was great for me I suppose now. After an incident I never really had a family again for a while until almost three hundred years.
When I was seventeen, it was a strange time. The Salem Witch Trials had been happening. Several girls my age had been coming forward claiming to be possessed by demons. They were then drowned and if they drowned they were innocent, if they some how survived they were guilty of witch craft and hung. I was married by then and had a seemingly normal life.
But then my lover, James, had work in the shipyard calling him to go to Africa, leaving me alone for a year. But only seven months into 1692, I had "lost my mind" being diagnosed with what is now schizophrenia. The townspeople, even my family believed I was possessed and was a witch. My darkest moment was September sixteenth when my door to my own home was pounded and beat on by a mob. I was minding my own, kneading bread in the rainy afternoon, when they had barged in. I dropped everything and we all just stood and stared at each other which seemed like forever until I tried to run, I knew what would happen. So, I ran. As fast as I could through the back door until I tripped upon my blue gown and fell in the mud. They grabbed me, twisted my arms and yanked me to a lake. People were yelling and I was begging. I was no witch, I was just sick.
I screamed to be let go, but nobody would do that. I was finally stood up on a wooden platform with three other women; a white woman I knew lived with a large family, a slave, and a servant. One by one the four of us were pushed in. The white woman drowned, the slave did too. The servant, she died in a struggle, coughing up dirty water before giving in.
When it was my turn, I fought it. The entire town was there, my family would loose me either way. I would either drown or be hanged. Loose loose situation. I tried to not drown, figuring I could maybe make a brake for the New York if I didn't fight too much. I stopped when I was out of breath. I sank, deeper and deeper. I hurt everywhere on my body. But I would not go like this. I burst of out the water, against all odds with my wrist still tied behind my back. I ran to the dirt and up the bank only thing that was on my mind was go.
Run, Courtney! I thought. And I did, until something hit me in the back like a rock and spit out my chest, breaking my chest apart and blood poured to as I fell to the dirt and took my last breaths. My eyes still fluttered like when I was young and the world wasn't scary. This was it. The last thing I saw was the silver bullet that a punctured my just centimeters from my heart.
I'm not sure what happened next, but when I awoke ten years later in 1702, I was in the lake where the trial was held. I was confused, when I shot out of the water and paddled to the bank and crawled up. I stood, shivering, and naked! in the grass. Was I in Salem still? What year was it? The town seemed different. I didn't recognize anyone. I needed to find my family, and James, and some clothing! I took a white, night shift, from a clothesline, and wandered down the streets. My hair was soaked and my lips were purple, I got stares. I saw newsboy and hollered for a paper, he handed me one. My eyes widened at the date, September sixteenth 1702. It had been ten years. How had I come back to life?
I have been asking the same question for three hundred years. Every time I die, I alwaus return in water, and naked. Doesn't matter if you hang me, shoot me, cut me, beat me I will return.
Many say that immortality is a gift, but it is merely a curse. Imagine always having to watch your closest friends and family die and move on without you and you're forced to restart. Like it's a game.
I've done almost everything you can, learned countless languages, traveled, but all I want is to be normal. In fact, I've done almost everything in this life, but leave it. My life is just like yours, except for one small difference, it never ends.
Why did I tell you all of this? Because I want you to know that life goes on without you. No matter how hard it seems, love, hope and happiness always shine brighter than the darkest of intents.
I would know. I've been madly in love, and insanely angry. I've been confused, hurt, and joyous. But as I said, immortality is not a gift but a curse. I work for the NYPD in the M.E department. Dealing with corpses is a way to learn about my condition. When death is your game, you know where to go.
Sometimes, death follows you. As it did today. It's a brisk September afternoon, four. I just left the medical examination office and as I sit in the subway checking my watch I've had with me for ages, literally, there is a man sitting beside me. I look up and smile to which he replies "Hi."
"Good luck at that performance tonight." I whisper in his ear. He looks at me, intrigued but horrified. Having stopped aging my long life has giving me broad knowledge and remarkable observation skills which impress most people I come across.
"How did you-" He begins but I cut him off. "Your collar is damp, freshly showered. So I assumed you were heading to work or a date. But then I noticed the idents on you fingers. At first I thought violin but then there was no mark on your chin so cello." I explained to him.
His reaction was impressed. "Well, thank you." He says and stands as his stop approaches. "Would you like to come?" He asks me. I stand up across from him, "I would love to." I agree and he leans in close to my lips. We're about to kiss, just as he lands on my lips, a loud screch followed by a crash. Lights flicker, people fall, people scream! I'm knocked over and fall into my seat. Something hits me hard in the gut. I don't dare to look down. One more yank on the train and we all fall to the ground, bloody and on shattered glass.
I close my eyes, amd sigh. "Oh, God." When I look beside me, I see the handsome man I just met beside me. He has a huge scratch that'll kill him on his neck. He is staring at me, jaw dropped. At my stomach. I look down, a rail impaled me, it's stuck. I'm bleeding. My one arm is extended to grasp my watch but I can't reach. I hear sirens.
"Oh no." I whimper. Nobody can see, nobody will survive. A bunch a dead people won't tell anybody what they saw.
So I look one last time at that man, he is barely hanging on. I put both hands on the pole and stab it in my stomach further. And further, until the world goes... black.
Kinsley's POV
What's up y'all! I'm Kinsley Anna Grey also Hayes Grier's bestie for the restie. Haye's is awesome but enough about him. I have hazel eyes and light brown hair. I'm 5'6 and like to skateboard. Netflix is my baby. I have two other siblings. A little sister named Adriana Grey and a big brother Tyler or Ty Grey. Me and my siblings are super close. My mom is named Anna and my Dad's name is Nick. My favorite color is pastel purple. I have a tumblr room and I'm 14. My birthday is June 22 2000. Me and Hayes are going into the 8th grade at Davidson Day school. Also I live in North Carolina near lake Norman. Anyways gotta go bye!!!

Hayes's POV
Hey guys I'm Hayes also known as Kinsley's bestie for the restie. I go to Davidson Day School. I live in North Carolina close to lake Norman. My birthday is June 8 2000. Me and my siblings are tight. I have 3 of them. Their names are Will, Nash, and Skylynn. I'm going into 8th grade with Kinsley. My favorite colors are blue and red. Well bye!!


This will probably be a story with really short chapters and it will probably be really infrequent updates. However it will have many chapters, this is also my first story so please take it lightly and don't judge. All the love. Z. xx
As I walked down the hallways, silenced whispers could be heard. The feeling of eyes burning into the back of my head. This is so typical for my school. Everyone looking at me like i'm some foreign species or talking about me like im not even there. Most of the time I hear what they say though. I don't exactly know what I did to make them all look and talk about me the way they do but it is what it is. There is no escape from this place.
As i turned the corner to where my locker is, i noticed a group of girls chatting away in front of my locker. I couldn't see their faces but knowing how this school is, they are probably there to make a fool out of me.
"Would you mind moving away from my locker?" I asked, not-so-nicely. The brunette hair squad turned around my eyes naturally rolled as if by second nature.
"Well if it isn't Hannah Kingsmen...how is life going?" There was something about the tone she used in her voice that screamed mockery.
"Again...can you move away from my locker." This time it was more of a command than a request.
"Sure." Her cunning smile make me uneasy. Her and her little friends stepped away from my locker and simply stood behind me...watching me intensly. For the second time, I rolled my eyes. My hand reached for the handle on the door and as soon as i opened the door, a bunch of red foam came gushing from the locker all over me and my stuff. Laughter erupted in the halls. A small note also fell out. For some reason I picked up the note and opened it.  Just go kill yourself. no one would care anyways. I didn't speak a word but anger and even sadness jolted through my body.
I wiped some of the nasty smelling foam from my face and body and turned around to see the little crew walking out to the front of the building laughing. The laughing and giggling within the halls was adding fuel to my flame and I was going to lose it.
With a swift slam of my locker door, the crowds laughter died down. I stormed out to the front of the building where Rebecca and her friends stood.
"HEY!!" I shouted as soon as i aggressively busted through the front doors of the building. My angry feet carried me to the girls.
"Oh hey Hannah. Did you get your valentines gift?" She smirked. The students from inside the school were now crowding around us as an audience. People were already cheering her on.
"Its the middle of May, bitch." Was all i said before I threw a swift punch to her plastic nose. Rebecca fell to the floor with a loud screech and the students let out gasp. I looked down at her pathetic state. A boy came up to me with a red face. This time it wasn't from foam like me, he was pissed.
"What the hell is wrong with you!? You can't just punch my girlfriend like that!" Wannabe hot-shot Caleb yelled at me.
"Oh so you're the piece of roadkill that dates this whore? Nice to meet you." I sassed. This only pissed him off further and drive him to throw a punch at me which was swiftly dodged. The punch was soon returned straight to his throat. Caleb stumbled back a few steps while holding his neck. He was struggling to breathe. I walked up to him and leaned down to him too.
"Just like your girlfriend, weak and stupid. Maybe that's why you both look so good together." I whispered so only he could hear. When i stood back up, everyone was looking at me. not a single world was being spoken or even whispered which is very unusual. I then made my way back to the plastic barbie doll still laying on the floor.
"If you wanted to be my valentine...next time try being on time and not three months late.." I angrily spoke before walking off of the school's property.
----------
I walked and walked with no specific destination in mind. After the miles i have walked i did end up in downtown. The streets of New York City was filled with sophisticated men and women.walking around with their hundred dollar suits and a coffee in hand. Most of them had umbrellas covering themselves because the rain rolled in and it was currently pouring. I wasn't complaining though. It got all of the red foam off of me.
"hello young lady...how may i help you?" an elderly woman asked behind the counter at a pastry shop.
"Can i please have a hot chocolate and a bagel with cream cheese?" i was starving. I did skip lunch.
"Sure..that will me $3.75." i nodded and unzipped the last pocket of my soaked bookbag and pulled out all my money. I came to the realization that i only had $2.25. I looked up at the lady and was getting ready to leave when she handed me the small bag of food and the drink.
"Dont worry about it sweetheart. it's on the house tonight." i gave her a warm smile. Shes the only person who's been nice to me in a while. Ever since my brother vanished off the face of the earth, she's been so abusive and hasn't been nice to me in almost two years. And as you can tell...people at school aren't to nice either.
"Thank you so much Mrs...." i looked at her name tag.
"Mrs.Brenda. i really appreciate it." I said before turning to leave the small shop.
"Wait miss! You forgot your change!" she shouts from behind me. I turn around to see her moving what little money I did have to the edge of the counter and her sending a wink my way. This made me smile.
"Keep it." i nodded before heading back out into the rain.
Yet again, i'm walking block after block. I noticed the traffic picking up and the rain lightening up. More and more people flooded the streets so im guessing business hours are done for the day.
I sat down at a bus stop just to sit and enjoy my bagel and hot chocolate in peace. People came and went as well as the busses. As i took the last bite out of the bagel i noticed a car slow down across the street. Whoever was inside had parked the car but wasn't getting out. I simply ignored it and got up to throw my trash away. As i started to walk again, the car that was once parked could be heard starting up again. My nerves got the best of me so I sped up my pace just a little bit. as if i was in one of those movies, the car speed up with me. I then broke out into a full sprint down the street.
The engine of the car roared as it sped past me and parked a few feet ahead of me. I stopped in my tracks and a man in all black stepped out of the car. I made the split second choice of running down the alley that was on my left. Heavy footsteps could be heard behind me but I made no effort to stop and look behind me. The end of the alleyway was approaching but i let out a blood curdling scream when the mystery man grabbed ahold of my waist and pulled me into his chest. His hands were quick to cover my mouth so i wouldn't scream but his efforts failed when I bit his hand and swung around to punch him in the face. The man was very quick to recover and he reached for me again. This time i tried to kick him in the balls but his hand stopped me from doing so.
"would you chill!? I just need to talk to you but you kicking and thrashing isn't helping either one of us." a deep British accent rang from his throat. I wanted to stop but this man could easily kill me.
"Leave me alone!" i shouted. The man pushed me back against the wall and grabbed both of my wrist with a single hand and pinned me up against the wall. I was going to use my legs but he had me there too when he roughly pressed his body to mine.
My breath was heavy from all the running, fighting, and screaming i had done in the past five minutes.
"What do you want!?" I almost growled.
"I need to ask you a question..." i was loosing my patience.
"Well ask it you dipshit" i hissed
"Watch it young lady...you don't know who you are talking to. But my question is, would you like some help?" to say i was taken back by his question was an understatement.
"Um excuse me?" i suddenly stopped struggling.
"Listen. I saw you outside of your school fighting that plastic barbie doll who was making fun of you. And if you have managed to keep me off of you for as long as you did...anyways. there is a place i want to take you. I promise you will like it. It's kind of like a safe haven for people like us." His words made me laugh because i called Rebecca that not even half an hour ago.
"And how do i know you aren't just going to kidnap me, rape me, then kill me?" i questioned. A soft laugh escaped his lips.
"Because Hannah. You are just like me and we are just like them." I didn't quite understand what he meant by that. He then released all of his body weight off of me and also released my hands from above my head.
"How do you know my name?" I never told him my name and somehow he knows it. That makes me uneasy.
"Tell you what. You come with me and ill show you this place. If you dont like it there then ill take you back home myself and we can pretend this never happened. I can also make sure my people don't come after you again.." i roughly gulped.
"What do you mean...again?" i questioned again. A smirk played out on his lips.
"Lets just say, you are lucky i'm the one my boss sent." He held out his large hand for me to grab ahold of. I made a choice i probably will regret later and grabbed his hand. Its something about the way he spoke to me that had me as putty in his hands. that also makes me uneasy but i want to see where this is heading.
"What do you say? Maybe on the way there we can get you a change of clothes. I'm pretty sure that shirt isn't supposed to be so red." He winked at me. The same smirk that Rebecca had on her face right before she got punched was on his face too and believe me i had the nerve to punch him too.
"If you know what's best for you, you wouldn't punch me." He said as if he read my mind.
"And how exactly did you know I wanted to punch you?" I tilted my head to the side just a little bit. He walked up close to me like he did when I first was in this situation and leaned his face next to my ear.
"Because I saw your face before you punch barbie." He whispered into my ear. I was a bit taken back as he chuckled lightly.
"And i'm going to repeat myself. If you know what's best for you, you aren't going to punch me. Ive had enough when I first got you back here." He winked one last time before grabbing my hand in his and walking me out of the alley and to his black car.
______________________________________________________
A/N:
Hey guys im back with another story...my first one kinda sucked too i'm gonna try and make it up to you with this one. hope you like it so far. and just in case you were wondering...Yes Hannah Kingsmen is based off of Hanna Marin from Pretty Little Liars bc she is bae! XD
Okay here is the deal. Normally when I write these stories...no one responds to them and i feel like all the time i spent on it was a waste of time and i never have the ambition to write for a while. with that being said...if you like this part PLEASE tell me. please let me know. i'm really excited for this story and i don't want it to go to waste.
Here's your new schedule i had to Change a few things so you could get the class you wants i dint think you would mind.
All i was thinking was i need my lunch to stay the same. That was the only good part to my day aside to my fifth period cooking class.
As i looked do to see if she made the biggest mistake of her life it was all to late. Right there is big bold letters lunch A switch to lunch B. This guidance councillor just made the biggest mistake of her life. My best friend alex choses to look at the paper with me turning around the second i saw it my fist tight with anger. The guidance door was flung open with the nice old red headed assistant face scared like shit was going to hit the fan. Well i felt bad to think it was. She asked why i was back i proceed to tell the nice lady what had happened she allowed me back just for my heart to be ripped out again.
************************************This is just a short introduction to what will happen in the latter chapters. I know the boy hasn't even came into the story yet but every good story has a beginging.To clarify characters:
Main character: Alice Best friend to Alice: Alex
HarryI sigh when I wake up in an empty bed- again. I really thought I had done something right this time. I look over and see a note on my pillow. It's a note from the girl I just, I guess you can say banged. When I open it it's the same thing that I see every time I do these kinds of things. "Dear Harry, last night was really fun. Maybe another time? Xoxox Jessica" I start to get up to quickly change into clean clothes. I first put on my black skinnies and a plain white tee. "Fuck I'm late to work" I rush to brush my teeth then I'm out the door. I start to walk quickly to the parking deck where my apartment is. I see my baby, my black motorcycle. It took about all my savings but I needed something to get around in besides walking. I get on and start it up carefully. Don't want to get a scratch on this thing anytime soon. When I pull out I be careful to make sure and pay attention to all the signs like I didn't last month. I'm still trying to pay off that ticket. When I pull into work I notice a new car parked out front. I pull in taking off my helmet and walk inside. I stop right in my tracks when I see a beautiful girl standing at the front. I walk over to her and say "Do you need anything?" I say with a smirk. She replies quickly glaring at me. "oh I'm just here to apply for one of the assistant jobs." Hmmm so an assistant huh maybe she can be mine. "So what's your name?" I ask, she replies with a short answer. "Tessa"
Wonder what will happen when we search emo jasper from Steven universe...
Oh God... the search results.... some were so much worse than this....
I would put a video buuuuuuttttt.... the search results sucked
Vanessa
I was wondering around the forest when I heard howls , I followed them which lead me to Wolves who were running 'how is this possible?' 'Because it is' 'W-who are you?' 'I'm Lana your Wolf' 'I'm a werewolf?!' 'Yes now let's shift' 'ok' then pain hits my body as I start to shift , My bones start to reassemble into a wolf body. After I'm done shifting , I run along side the pack until they stop and look at me , I hide behind a rock and shift back into my human body 'Lana what should I do?' 'Join their pack and train' 'ok if that's what's best' I come from behind the rock and face them "Hello I'm Vanessa , can I join your pack?" "Yes you may let's go back to pack grounds" a boy says "ok but can we have a run first?" "Ok everyone shift" the boys says , everyone shifts and I shift as well. I look in reflection and I see me as an all white wolf , then everyone starts running and I follow them , I notice I'm faster then them and we reach Pack Grounds.
I meet the Alpha of the pack and I meet his son who will be the alpha soon "You must get rest its Nighttime" Alpha Matthew said "ok Alpha Matthew and Goodnight" I say and go into my new room which I decorated , It has a white bed with a bookshelf and I had lanterns hanging from the ceiling.
I layer down on my bed and turned off my lamp and drifted off to sleep
This Is How My Story Began.......
"Bianca it's time to go!" I hear my mum yell. I groan and scream internally. As I grab my last box and my phone I walk out of my home oh my home how I'm going  to miss you I mumble  quietly which  my best friends  are here and heard because  apparently  they were behind me to whole time."bee it's only a house aren't  you going to miss anything els"
obviously  talking about themselves I tease them by saying "Oh Luke how I'm going to miss your dog and oh Delia  how I will miss your mums cooking" I laugh  ad they  look a bit disappointed "Oh I suppose  I will miss you two as well ". We all laugh  and say goodbye as I get in the car Delia  yells "I if they're are any hot guys be sure to mention me and pretty girls, Luke !"
Luke just shakes his head then hugs me. "I'm going to miss you guys like hell. I'll  call as soon as I get there!" I say sadly. "I'll  miss you too Bee" Luke says but before I could say anything  else  my mum start  driving the car. "Mum why do we have to move in the first place dad could just live in a hotel for a while till  his job is over. I mean we have the money."                  I ask my mum but my little brother, Stanly replies " Biancaaaa .. I want to move pweeple  at school are poopy heads and don't like me" my brother is 8 and I'm 16 so he I guess looks up to me so I can't complain  about moving around him because  it'd ruin it for him too so I just don't whine about it anymore and pretend to be excited.
The 7 hour car ride was basically me listening to music  while my brother slept and my mom and I occasionally  talked about me and making new friends. We arrive  at Colorado to our new huge house. All of the houses around it are average  size and normal neighborhood  houses but them there is my new house 3 stories  high. Why must my parents  be the center of attention  rich type ugh. I walk into my house and choose the second story room seeing as my parents  would be the basement  yeah three stories  and a basement  room. My little brother is the top floor so that leaves  two extra  bed rooms for guests I guess.
My room is really  big like woah big, there's a king size bed, a couch,a desk,a closet,  a huge tv, a bathroom and a balcony. After unpacking all my stuff I walk out to my balcony  and look around and then something, or should I say someone catches my attention. Dark hair with nice abs holy shit is he? no way He is. he's naked I repeat  he is naked so me being Bianca  aka the bad ass Bianca  I snap a picture  of him for...oh you know...uhh....insurance  yeah....nothing more than insurance  in case he's one of those people who are man whores, popular  guy, etc and tries anything  later on. He starts to look up so  I run inside and I'm  just  hoping he didn't see me.
Knock knock I hear someone knocking  on my door scaring the shit  out of me" Bianca  your father, Luke and I are going to the store would you like to come?" To the store for what we have a shit ton of stuff already. "No mum I'll  just stay home and...explore." I say because  I still am trying not to burst out laughing after the fact that he was just naked and I got a picture  "Okay Bianca we will be back in a couple  of hours because  we are also going to explore a bit, don'twait up." After about five minutes of laughing at the fact that I have a hot neighbor and i already saw him naked I finally  calm down. My family  finally left and I decided  to take a walk. I leave a note in case  my parents get home first
Out for a walk - don't wait up.-Bianca
*Riley*
"Yasss last day of school!" I jump on Alex's back.
"Hey!" Alex says in a sassy voice.
"What? Chill yo-self it's just me?!" I laugh almost falling off his back.
"Ohh I thought you were that bitch Makenna who likes me and wants my attention but you know I don't like her I like uhh..." He stutters.
"Yea I know you like," I giggle, "you like Kendall Jenner." I laugh that the whole hall way shuts up.
"Yea that's exactly who I like." He laughs nervously.
--------------------------------
AFTER LUNCH
"Hey Cayla is Alex ok? He seems distracted."
"Yea I think maybe it's that final that we have."
"Like he gives a shit about that." I laugh.
"Than idk sorry boo." She's says and than hugs me and goes to her 5th period class.
5th period is social studies for me but for Cayla it's science so she's up stairs learning about guts, while I sit in my seat across from Alex while we be sexual and make a hole with our fingers and stick out pointer finger through. That's just us.
"Hey Alex why is Mr.Piesten so rude and annoying af?" I say across the room in a whisper voice.
"Idk why don't you ask him." He said joking.
--------------------------
AFTER 5TH PERIOD
Me and Alex always walk out together but this time was different...
"I can't fucking wait for school to be ov." I'm interrupted by someone grabbing my butt.
"Omg I'm soo sorry Riley I didn't me too." He says embarrassed.
But wht he doesn't know is that I liked it.
------------------------------Authors Note
Thank you guys for reading my new book that's based off and true story.
Hopefully you guys like it, just saying there will be smut in this.
It was morning and mick and Linda was around the kitchen table.
" Are you sure your going to be alright with your sister? " Mick asked her. Linda was going away for a bit to stay with her sister, leaving mick, Nancy and lee to look after the pub, Linda does have another son called Johnny, but he's travelling the world.
" I'm going to be just fine, it's more you I'm worried about! " She smiled as she grabbed his hand and squeezed it.
" Morning! " Lee said as he walked into the kitchen and hugged his mum from behind, " I'm going to miss you mum! "
" Naw Lee, I'm going to Miss you as well! It won't be for long though," she smiled kissing his cheek.
" Where's Nance? " Mick asked letting go of Linda's hand and taking a sip of his coffee.
" Don't know haven't seen her, she's properly still asleep knowing her, " lee smiled, he adored his sister.
" I'll go check up on her incase she might of had a fit in the night, " Linda said getting up and walking to Nancy's bedroom. Nancy had epilepsy and she didn't often have fits, really only when she panicked about something.
The light was off in Nancy's bedroom and she was still asleep when Linda walked in, she went up to Nancy's bed and looked at her sleep while she sat on the edge of the bed, " my wonderful daughter," she whispered.
" Mum? " Nancy said as her eyes fluttered open giving Linda a fright, " nance you scared me! " Linda smiled as she leaned over and hugged Nancy.
Nancy gave her a small smiled and hugged her back. " what's wrong? " Linda asked her knowing something was wrong.
" It doesn't matter mum, I want to enjoy our last day together! " Nancy said as tears rolled down her cheeks.
" Nancy? "
" It's just Johnny, now you," she cried squeezing her mum tighter.
" Oh nance, " Linda frowned, she knew how close Nancy and Johnny were and how she missed him everyday, " I'll be back before you know it! "
Nancy sniffed before she let go of her mum, " yeah, anyway I'm starved! Let's go get breakfast!! " Nancy said as she hopped out of bed and pulled her mum through to the kitchen.
" Morning nance, your jumpy this morning! " Lee said, normally she wasn't a morning person but this time she was bouncing about and singing.
" Let's not open the pub today! Let's do something as a family! " Mick said, as everyone cheered.
" Group hug! " Nancy shouted as the 4 carters went into a huge huddle, " I wish Johnny was here," Nancy thought to herself.
Later on that day the carters decided to go for a picnic and they had a great time, " I miss this! " Mick said as he put a strawberry into his mouth. When Nancy, lee and Johnny were young Linda and mick used to take them for picnics all the time.
" Me too! " Lee said, as the squirted cream into is mouth as when one laughed as it went all over his face.
" that's how I brought up my son! " Mick grinned to Linda as she rested her head on his shoulder.
" I'm gonna miss you lot! " Linda said.
" Aww mum we will miss you as well! Won't we nance? " Lee said rubbing Nancy on her back.
" Course! We ain't going to stop thinking about you mum, " Nancy smiled.
While the family sat in the parks for hours time tucked in and it was getting dark, " guys we need to leave, my sister is picking me up in 1 hour, " Linda frowned.
After they got back Linda packed her stuff and suddenly there was a knock at her bedroom door, she jumped begging that it wasn't dean, she had been scared of him ever since he raped her.
" Calm mum, it's just me, " lee said as he walked into the room and sat on her and his dad's bed.
" Look after your dad for me, " Linda said to him as he nodded, " course, especially If dean plays up."
" Stick together, he's bad news, stay close with Nancy, he knows you and her will get ur dad to him." Linda said, " no doubts about it he will piss you guys off."
" Mum calm down, we will be fine apart from the fact we will miss you lots! " Lee said hugging her.
" Aww lee I'll miss you all too, I better get going, " Linda said as she picked up her suitcase and they walked out the pub doors and onto the street were Nancy and Mick were standing.
Lee walked over to them when mick put his arm around the 2 of them, " we love you!! " He shouted as Linda got into her sisters car and shouted back, " I love you all 2! "
My name is Avalina, I am 12 year old girl. My mommy is an Fox angel, well a shadow Fox Angel, and my father is the wonderful slenderman. I live with my mommy and get bullied at school. My hair is jet black and my eyes are purple. I'm not one who really does much. I draw, read, play video games, chores. I have no friends besides my mommy and father. I'm a daddy's girl. I also have certain powers, I can sense about anything within a mile from me. The others my mom gave me was flying, sensing, agility, I'm immune to sickness, and my eyes can change color, I can also shift into animals. The abilities my dad gave me were, telepathy, telekinesis, I have tentacles, and teleportation. My birthday is on Halloween. I love scary things and I love spicy foods. Adore them. I also have a younger sister names Angela. We are not the vest of friends of sisters. We fight a lot and sometimes we try to kill each other. Angela is 8 and her birthdays on new years eve. She has all the same abilities and she had white hair and pink eyes. She hates everything I love. Well, almost anything. :)
Hello my name is Calypso Moon Unfortunately , I will never know why I was cursed with my terrible name, BecauseI was adopted. When I was 7 years old I was lucky enough to be adopted my the Anderson family. Not lucky to be adopted by them , but to be adopted period.When they adopted me we got in a car crash on the way home to New York. I survived . Mr.Anderson didn't. Shortly after mrs.Anderson got into alcohol and took her life. So that meant that I had to live my grandmother ,Alice in Las Vegas . And I am happy I did.
Ten years later I'm now a senior in high school. This year is my last year of high school before college (or whatever I do ) and I can't wait to get out.
A/N
Helloo!! Ok so this is my first fanfic and I'm really scared you won't like it. Any who comment and let me know what u think ! I'll try to update as much as I can but I am moving so it's a bit hard. Love you !
-E.E
I stood up facing him it's just us nothing else...
I woke up, I have been having this dream ever since half term and I don't know why or who is with me. I walked down the crowded corridor of this hell a stupid excuse of a school. I pulled up my hoodie and carried on, I wasn't that social I mean I prefer being around my "squad" I got my phone out and plugged my ear phones in blasting my music.
At break I walked to the hall waiting for my group my best friends; Emily, kyle, Johnnie, Louie, Jordan and me.
Emily and I have been friends ever since year 7 she came to this school with no friends at all and it turned out me and her where a lot a like. Then there's kyle I don't know why but I prefer him the most I guess he's always been there, every one else has but with him it's different.
"Yo Megan"
"Hey kyle what's up"
"Nothing much hey do you wanna go out after school"
"I can't today how bout tomorrow"
"Sure"
I hugged him and I didn't realize how long til he struggled out of my grasp I awkwardly laughed and
I looked at him, his hair, his eyes, his lips, all of him was perfect. Wait what am I thinking I can't think about him like this. I got a sudden urge in my stomach like something was flying, I just wanted to rip open my stomach and Stop it, I looked at kyle and it hit me I was having dreams about him.
I got home watched some YouTube videos and slept :)
----dream-----
I looked up it was black all of it, I saw him I don't know why he's just stuck in my mind I looked down at my stomach it started moving I ignored it I took his hand and we walked for hours on end. I looked back down at my stomach it had now starting inflating and it wouldn't stop. BANG. Butterflies flew out, what is this feeling I don't understand it...
Could this be...
LOVE...
HEY GUYS SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU THINK SO FAR SO YEAH I HOPE IT WAS GOOD ANY WAY THIS IS DEDICATED TO MY BEST FRIEND SO YEAH WELL BYE GUYS CXSHOULD I CARRY ON!
My name is Anjelica Grace Denali. I am 19. I used to live in Canada with my family. It was just me,my mom, and younger brother. Im moving to California with my Uncle to live my dream... My old best friend lives here... im scared i might run into him......

"I love you Aaliyah, I will seen you in a couple of hours" conner spoke to me as he kissed my soft cheeks and made his way outside.
"I love you too" I shouted and waved, as he drove of to work.
I closed the door behind me, locking the door and making my way to the kitchen of our home to prepare dinner.
Me and conner are both 18. we both live in a average house in the centre of Sydney, Australia. we met at the age of 14, became best friends at 15 and now we are together.
I am just a normal teenager. I don't smoke or do anything bad like that. yes I've maybe had the odd beer but I don't want to be known as the 'druggie' or the 'smoker' and 'drinker'. I want to be known as Aaliyah and that's it.
Conner, he is like me, never smoked or anything, as he hates smoking. we have never done anything bad. he has had more alcoholic drinks then me but never been hungover or anything. to be honest we are both quite innocent. We don't want to get in trouble at the age we are at, we want to make the most of our lives.
I suppose we just want to succeed in life, not succeed in being a failure.
Well, this is gonna be my first story on Wattpad so I was wondering, what Steven Universe (Gem x Reader) should I write? Comment any requests please.   I have some friends on Kik requesting Lapis Lazuli x Reader so I'll get started on writing that now, be expecting an update this week! :)
Admin's P.O.V.Hii! This is my new book, and I hope you'll like it. Cara- Cara DelevigneZayn- Zayn MalikDylan- Dylan O'brienMeghan- Taylor HillHarry- Harry StylesLiam- Liam PayneLouis- Louis TomlinsonNiall- Niall HoranHillary- Taylor SwiftLou- Lou Teasdale
Cara's P.O.V.
"We needed him, not fucking her!" My head was pounding. Wait, where am I? Who are these people? And who did they want?"Hello?" I speaked. Three boys around twenty and twenty three came in."How are you feeling, love?" The curly one asked."Where am I? Who are you?" I asked. I don't feel good at all, that's obvius."Maybe we should just wash her memory Zayn and then tell her like you're her boyfri-"No one is going to fucking wash my fucking memory! What is wrong with you?!" I yelled on the blonde boy."Your language, love.""I don't give a fuck I don't know where I am, who you are and how did I get here. The only thing I remember is going to club. Wait, if you kiddnaped me, Dylan will look everywhere for me.""He will sunshine, but you're here because of your stupid brother." It's first time that the one with black hair speak. I can't lie, they all look great. They are hot, beautiful urgh. "What the actual fuck did he do? Shit." I started to curse everything I could. The black-hair came closer to me, and took one strand of my hair and putted it behind my ear."I'm Zayn, and you have job with the gang 52." He whispered in my ear. I almost died here right now. It's obvious that I would start crying, it's understanding. I knew a lot about this gang. They were the five boys, and one of them being the leader of the gang, Zayn. And I am involved in this. I could feel tears in my eyes, but I refused to let them slide down my face. I brushed my eyes with the blazer I was wearing. I won't cry. No. I can't. I sitted on floor. This is just too much. What. The. Fuck. Dylan. If I ever get out of here I am going to break every bone in his body. "I guess this is why he learned me how to use a gun, hand to hand combat, and how to throw knives." Their eyes widened. Dylan was always telling me it's for self-defence. Yes because of you asshole! "Are you hungry, love?""Yes.""Niall get her food!""Can I scream?""Why?""Because Dylan is testing my nerves, I am in hands of the scariest gang.""No.""What did Dylan do?""Well, for first he beated the living shit out of Liam. Second, he stole one of our womens. And third, he insulted me.""Wow, your Liam is really strong if Dylan can beat him." I said sarcasticlly, and started to laugh. I am pretty sure that I look like a psychopate right now. Well, what am I? I am kiddnaped by a gang, and I laugh? Is this even for psychopates?"I am stronger that Dylan are you kidding with me?" I started to laugh even more. I could see that the Curly head was stiffling a laugh, and Zayn had a small smile on his face."Curly bird, what's your name?" I asked. Wait, did I call him Curly bird? Zayn started to laugh. I could see that the Curly bird was a little bit angry."Harry, and for what is the bitchy comment?""Oh, excuse me. I forgot to say, I am bitch class A.B- beautiful,I- inteligent,T- talented,C- charming,H- hot. So, awww, thanks." I smiled to him. Okay, Zayn is going to die here. That's when I guess Niall came in with food. He was looking at me and Zayn, and he saw that Harry is mad."What is it, bro?" He said after giving me food. I murmured 'thanks'. "This little bitch-"Thank you." I started to laugh again. Niall looked at me so weird."Enough. Now love, tell us something about you.""First stop calling me love. It's on my nerves. And my name is Cara Jocelyn Johns. I'm born 12. August 1993. My parents died, so the only one I have is Dylan. Oh wait, I actually have an sister. Her name is Meghan. She is older two years. We didn't talk for year. I hate her.""If we told you you can go only with your sister?""I wouldn't go.""Why? She is still your sister.""She's not. I don't want to see her ever again.""What if you have to?" Harry started to laugh."She is my girlfriend for an year. That's why you didn't talk to her." Harry said."She's fucking what?!""Language.""Why like you don't curse!" I would say that I am on my period for my moods. "Meg!" She came in. When she saw me she runned to me and cried. She tried ti hug me, but I pushed her away."Cara what i-"What is with me?! What is with me?! You left your fucking family without saying even good bye?! For a member of a gang?! And what is with me?!""Sorry Cara I-"You nothing. I'm not your sister anymore. Are here any other girls?""Only Eleanor." "How old is she?""She is your age, and Louis' girfriend. Also, here lives Niall's sister, Lou." "Whem am I going to meet Louis and Liam?" I asked while eating. "Soon." Zayn answered. Meg was still crying."Will you shut up?!" I yelled on her. "Will you stop yelling on her?" Harry told me."No, because she did that stupid thing." I gave him an answer. A girl came in."Niall what is this yelling?!""Ask her." Niall pointed a finger on me. "I guess you're Lou. Zayn can I sleep somewhere?" I asked him. He nodded and murmured me something like 'follow me'. It's not the first time I'm kiddnaped. I was even raped at age of sixten, so I guess I'll survive. I followed him trough this beautiful big house. We went upstairs, and into one of the rooms. It had graffiti on the wall."I love them.""I draw them.""You're intrested in art?""It's not your busines.""I can sing.""Really?""I was a model, also.""That says about the perfect bums.""You're so perv." He threw me one of I guess his t-shirts and boxers. "Where's the bathroom?" He pointed on the door in his room. I went into the bathroom. This is going to be a long shower.
Chapter 1: where it all began
Dominique .
" neek neek im starving ,i swear if i dont eat anything im gonna die from starvation . " my little sister deriyon whined . she's so dramatic its a shame , but i know she was starving because i was too . we both havent eaten since yeserday we fell asleep waiting on our brothers to get inside last night but they never came home.
to say i was worried about them is an understatement . i was literally puling my hair waiting on them to call , respond to my texts or something . this is one of the things I hate about my brothers being drugdealers. before I can even think of the worst scenarios i pushed the thoughts aside and went upstairs to put on some clothes so me and my little sister can eat .
I didn't feel like getting dressed up , and I wasn't going nowhere important just to get some food , so i slipped on a pair of black danskin yoga pants along with a black halfcut tanktop , showing my hip piercings and belly ring , and added my prism adidas zx flux putting my hair in a neat bun .
" let's go " i told yonnie and she looked at me confused . "to get something to eat dummy " i told her .
"yaayyyy " she sang like a baby . greedy child .
we went to applebees since I wanted some of their buffalo wings . as i was eating i felt somebody staring a hole in the side of my face. i looked over seeing it was some guy just staring at me . usually when you staring at some one and that person looks at you people turn their head but he kept looking at me with a smirk on his face .
i blushed and looked into my phone . "you done with that ? " yonnie asked me pointing to my hot wings and fries .
"no im gonna eat it after this boy stops staring at me " i said . it's not that i eat sloppy i just can't eat when someone's looking at me , it's disturbing .
" im gonna go tell him to get out your face " she said standing up .
"yonnie noo " i told her knowing she would really do it .
"chill im just going to the bathroom " she said .
i picked up a fry and dipped it into ketchup before sticking it in my mouth. "hey ma " I heard somebody say .
I looked up seeing the boy that was staring at me . I swear I didn't even notice him walk up to the table .
"hey da " i said trying to be funny .
he chuckled . "so you like to crack jokes ? " he started . " but I know you saw me staring at you . you pretty as hell can I get your number ? " he asked me .
me being Dominique , I love to play hard to get . " I don't give my number out easily . if I see you again then It must be meant for you to get my number . " I told him .
" so you one of those girls but you should  know i be everywhere ma . it's no gonna be hard running into you . believe that " he said walking off .
yonnie walked to the table with a stupid smirk on her face . "mmhm " she sang .
I just ignored her pettiness because I was finally getting a call from my twin brother . "Dorien where the hell yall at man , do yall know how worried I was ? " I asked him .
"im pretty sure you were worried thats a good thing because I know you care about me . but me and Taetae aren't in town right now . we got into some shit and we're thinking of a plan to take these nighas down . we have to be away from yall for yalls safety , i love yall though " he said .
"I love you too . put taetae on the phone . " i heard shuffling before taetae got on the phone .
" hey sis i love you , look dominque i know how you are and don't stress yourself out worrying about us . please don't because I promise you we're going to be okay and i don't want you to have another anxiety attack " he told me causing a tear to slip .
" I know . i just can't help but to worry about yall. please be safe because I don't know what I'll do if anything happen to yall " i sobbed.
"alright but we gotta go " he hung up.
i sighed . slumping down in my seat trying my best not to let tears fall from my eyes .
im not new to things like this . my brothers have had beef with a couple of people. it's just that one of them always ends up getting hurt and i keep telling them that instead of them ending up in a hospital it could be a casket but they don't listen to me , they never do .
allow me to give a proper introduction of myself. im dominique derrinisha matthews . seventeen years of age , senior in high school taking a.p classes . don't get the wrong idea of thinking im a nerd because im far from the that . im smart but I have a wild side too .
by me having no parents im free of doing whatever i want , well kind of . see my dad and uncle are in jail for 5 years serving a 10 year sentence for 3rd degree murder . they were kingpins like Deekie and taetae . they had beef with some people and when people can't get to you they got after people you love so they pushed my auntie , TaeTae's mom off the bridge and my mom she got hooked onto drugs badly once all of this happened and I guess one day she coudnt take it nomore and she left . that leaves me taetae , deekie and yonnie on our own. taetae was 9 years old selling weed to take care of us 3 children .
---
dominque in the mm .
I know this chapter was short but it's only an introduction chapter .
Prologue:
My name is Abri. I am about 5'2", really thin, have long raven black hair that reaches about midback and light chocolate brown eyes, just like my brothers, Daniel.
He is one year older than me, making him 19 and me just about to turn 18 in about a day actually. Daniel is well liked while I on the other hand....not so much, considering I have no friends whatsoever. Daniel is about to become the next beta of our pack, the Blood Moon pack, the largest, stongest pack in all of America.
You would think, considering we are the biggest pack, we would have bigger hearts. But sadly that's not the case. Our Alpha, Alpha Chad, has been completely blindsided by the fact that I'm technically the packs punching bag. I've been teased and picked on ever since I fell into a depression after my parents died from a rogue attack when I turned five.
Daniel has been distant, well everyone has and now he's become more aggressive with me. Thankfully school is over so there will be no bullying in the halls.
Not only does Daniel become physical with me, but the whole pack does. I do everything around our pack. Including the laundry, dishes, taking care of pups, and any other mess because I'm afraid of the beating that will come if I don't. Well now that you've got an insight to my pathetic life, here's the story of it....
Emily's pov
I woke up to my best friend starring at me. Do you know how creepy that is? "Maddie why are you starring at me?" I asked her yawning.
"Well..." Maddie paused and looked at me some more. "I think you need to quit being a prositute." I sighed. I know Maddie hates that I am one but no one wants to hire a single mom who's 19 and a ex prositute.
"Maddie we talked about this before." I started. "No one would want to hire me. Not only am I a mom at 19 but they wouldn't want a ex prositute. And you know what my boss would do if I quit." I whispered the last part. They beat the prositutes that think about leaving. They want us to know that no one will hire us. So they beat us so bad that we have to go back. The last time I thought about quitting and they found out I ended up in Icu for a month. They beat me close to death and I had to be watched because my heart almost stopped working at least 5 times.
"I know Emily but please think about leaving. I want you to have a great job where you can take care of Mya with no problem. I want you to have a good job so you can help me then I can help you." Maddie explained. I sighed and sat up and looked at her.
"I'll talk to Ryan and see if I can work full time. How's that?" I asked. Maddie grinned and pulled me in for a hug. That girl may be dying but she has a death grip on her. I pushed her off of me gently. I smiled at Maddie before I ran out of my room so I could wake up my daughter. When I got there Mya was sleeping peacefully. I sighed. I hate waking her up but it's the only time she can see me. I quietly sat down on the floor near her bed. "Baby I wish I could leave my horrible job so I could be home for you more. I hate my job so much. I just want to see you every moment of the day but I can't. I wish I could be a better mom to you. " I whispered. I felt a little hand wipe away my tears.
"Mommy, don't cry. I wuv you the way you are." Mya whispered. I smiled at my daughter. I kissed her cheek before I tickled her. "Mommy stop!" Mya started laughing so much. I smiled but I didn't stop. Finally after a couple minutes I stopped and I picked her up and carried her down stairs. I walked us to the kitchen where Maddie was cooking breakfast. I put Mya down on the floor so she set the table.
"Emily go get dressed for work." Maddie ordered.
" You know I hate wearing it around her." I said sighing.
" I know but your gonna be late if you don't get dressed here." Maddie pointed out. I looked at the clock and sighed. I knew she was right I just didn't want her to be. Before I could walk back to my room someone knocked at the door. I sighed and walked to the door. When I opened it I was shocked to see Ryan there.
"Hey, what are you doing here?" I asked.
"My wife hates the idea of what you do and she wants you to work for me full time." Ryan announced to me. I was about to answer when Maddie popped up.
"Are you offering her a job?" Maddie asked smiling.
" I am actually." Ryan answered her. Before I could answer Maddie but her hand over my mouth.
" She would love the job. " Maddie said for me. I finally got her hand off my mouth.
" Ryan don't get me wrong. I do want the job I just don't want to get hurt." I said looking at my feet. I heard Ryan sigh. He knows all about them hurting their women that brings in a lot of money. They hurt them to keep them. And I'm one of those women.
"Please. I'll even have my wife take care of your wounds." Ryan pleaded. I took a deep breath. I stared at him for a minute before I sighed. I knew this job would do so much better for me. "Come on you know what you are doing. You are a great PA. Please."
"I'll do it. But I need to change first. " I said. I went to my room and threw on some random clothes so I can talk to my pemp. Never thought I would be this scared in my life.
AN Enjoy



Chapter 1 Orientation
Piper POV
Piper stood at the Pegasus Academy for Gifted Children, she knew gifted children really meant 'Freaks', mutants, the odds ones out. Everyone always looked at her with disgust when they saw her and knew what she was, Piper didn't really want to go to this school, but her Dad was making her. If anyone anyone ever asked what school she went to they would know.
She walked around the building through the bleak courtyards and she walked into a long hallway towards the noise. Piper finally came to a giant room about four football fields wide the floor was birch wood covered in finish and the dark gray walls were bare. There was a stage with a tiny man holding a club and 10 kids a few years older than Piper.
"Alright Cupcakes! Separate into Groups as I call your names!" the short man with a club yelled. "Okay Team 1..." Piper drowned it out until he heard the man call out "Team 5 our last team! Piper McLean, Frank Zhang, Jason Grace, Hazel Levesque, Leo Valdez!"
Piper's heart skipped as she saw a boy, Jason, was it? He was gorgeous blue eyes, blonde hair, and a stunning smile. He was talking to a Latino scrawny boy with curly hair, she could sense they were old friends.
"Now everyone listen up! I am going to announce your trainers you will have two and they will stay in your part of your team's dorm! Okay Team 1's trainers are... " Piper again drowned this out until she heard "Team 5's trainers are: Perseus Jackson and Annabeth Chase!" Two people stepped up the girl, Annabeth looked at the boy Perseus with disgust and he looked upset.
"It's just Percy." 'Percy' said.
"Okay trainers take your students to your dorms! Now hustle!" The little man yelled.
Annabeth and Percy took off not talking to each other but talking to themselves. Their team followed including Piper. She could feel some sort of tension and hate coming from the trainers but it was one sided and she felt something else there too, something Piper could not place. Annabeth was muttering about 'why does it have to be him?' and Percy's shoulders were slumped and he seemed pretty depressed.
"This is it." Annabeth grumbled stopping outside a door that said 'Team 5'.
"Welcome Home." Percy muttered.
We all walked in, Piper could see Annabeth push past Percy and towards a little room. But, Piper stopped for a second to admire her home for the next 40 weeks, maybe even more. The place was dark gray and looked very futuristic it had a gray couch and two chairs, also gray. There was a bathroom, and a room labeled boy's, girl's, and there was two rooms and one with the label Percy and one with Annabeth.
"Classes tomorrow and Breakfast at 5:00 these tablets will have everything you need," She handed a tablet out "You've had a long day, go to bed." She put her head in her hands
"'Night."
Piper stood up, walking to the girl's dorm, when she got in she saw two beds, one for her and one for Hazel.
"Goodnight Hazel." Piper whispered.
AN Kind of a filler, the other chapters will be better!

HEY PEEPS! Hope you enjoy this story and everything! Read on! ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••~Month before Bucky Leaves~
"Oh come on! Please?" The girl begged her best friend. "Bucky's driving and Steve'll be there!" She stuck out her bottom lip in a pout. "Fine!" The other girl threw her hands up in the air. "YES!" The shorter girl grinned.
Let's take a moment to describe them. The older, taller girl - Jennifer - has fiery red hair, green eyes that seemed yellow in the sun, and flawless porcelain skin. She had perfect straight teeth and beautiful red lips. The shorter, younger girl - Rachel - had dark brown hair, warm brown eyes, and light tanned skin. She had full, perfect Cupid's bow lips, mostly clear skin, and gorgeous waves.
They both grinned at each other and began rummaging through Rachel's swim suits. Finally, Jen decided on a black one piece and Elle on a mint green bikini. "OHHHH! He'll loooovvveeee that!" She teased. "Oh come on. Steve won't be able to look away." She blushed. They both applied their makeup - red lips, white eye shadow, and a black cat eye - and pulled on cover ups.
A knock sounded from the door, causing Jen to nudge Elle. "Go open it." She rolled her eyes and walked down the hallway to the door. "Hey Bucky!" She threw her arms around his neck and he grinned. "Hello Rachel." She smiled at looked at Steve and Jen. Jen was talking awkwardly, Steve was just standing there, and both of them were blushing deep red. "They're so adorable." Elle grinned and laced her fingers with Bucky's. "I wish he'd ask her already." They shrugged and began walking to the car.
~Week before Bucky Leaves~
"Hey!" She grinned. He smiled and wrapped an arm around her waist. "Hey love." He kissed her temple. "You wanted to ask me something?" Bucky looked nervous and absolutely terrified. "Uh..... Yeah!" Elle raised a brow, expecting an answer. "Come on." He grabbed her hand and lead her to a shady spot. He then knelt down and pulled a ring from his pocket. "Rachel Mere Hunters. Will you marry me?" Her eyes widened and she grinned, blinking back joyful tears. "DUH!" Bucky slipped the ring onto her finger and let her throw her arms around his neck. He lifted her up and Rachel wrapped her legs around his torso. "I love you." She whispered in his ear. "I love you too."
Age 13
"Daddy,please don't go", my thirteen year old self stood weeping at his legs in desperation.
"Honey,I have to." I looked away immediately furious he would not stay. The thing was my dad was quite the inspirational  talker. I remember he crouched down and pulled me towards him.
"Now listen here Miss Cassandra, I work so I can get my princess everything she wants and especially with her birthday next week daddy has to work. Do you understand?" I had nodded eagerly,excited at the prospect of more toys that I would receive for my birthday. I hugged my dad tightly exchanging those three special words 'I love you' before he had left.
It had been a few  minutes not even minutes before I saw my dad he was saying his farewell as he left to go to Santa Monica for a business trip. He had gotten in his car and driven off in his black Range Rover to the motorway which was straight across the town. The local policeman had said that that it was a hit and run. There were no cameras on the motorway. Although many people had identified the suspect with detailed descriptions and license plate. I guess I should be grateful that they found the person that was held responsible for the death of my dad but I don't understand why he would do it. Mum had completely vanished buried herself in organizing the funeral, packing  up all of dad's stuff. She had made the existence of my father a complete hallucination by the end of the month.
By this time was when things completely fell apart. Mum was never at home always working at the law firm across town. My elder brother George, had left Rhodes Island immediately after the funeral transferring to a university in London.London was where Aunt Cecilia, Dad's sister lived. My mum though had been pointed out by quite a few people that I was not coping especially at school. She did not know what had happened to Joshua Matthews and how he had bullied and made fun off me. Or how people bullied me calling  names and insulting my father. My mother instead thought I needed the attention therefore shipped me off to London,claiming she was too busy and I was in need of leaving this place.
HAI
whoever is reading my dairy better have a vary good darn reason. did Jean put you up to this!? I hope not because that would mean I'd have to hurt him. Now then.....Jean if you are the one reading this.....I WILL CASTRATE YOU! ......This is personal you have no right to read this! Armin....if you are reading this.....JUST GO! whoever reads this better realize I have mad combat skills! Annie taught me.... But if you still want to read ahead.....
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
It was September and the Sun was like a cracked egg; sizzling on a large frying pan.The wind pushed itself passed the trees; and the leaves on them trembled and fell sleepily , into a bed of brown leaves already on the concrete floor.The shops had just opened and the bakery opened its' doors to reveal the sweet and comforting smell , of freshly baked crossiants and doughnuts.Suddenly the crunching of leaves, underneath the feet of school children sounded.Then the excited chatter and loud laughter boomed down the streets; causing the desolation of silence that once lived.
A group of girls stood by the school gates, one of them being Rose Thornton.She was the pack leader, or as most people would put it - the mean girl.Her beauty had the power to destroy and her popularity could create whatever she wanted.Rose got whatever she wanted and when she did nobody could stop her."I had the most wonderful summer" she exclaimed to her pose as they looked at her with admiration."I broke up with Derek, after he took me to that lovely trip to Paris " she said casually ,while picking at her nails.Jennifer who was one of the many girls that followed Rose like a lost puppy , said "but I thought you said he was the one".Sighing she replied "that's what I thought too, but then sadly I found out he was a cheating bitch!" - her voice had lowered into a dry whisper. Everyone around her gasped , then there was an unusual silence broken by the ringing of the school bell.Everyone walked into the school halls.
At the lockers Rose got out her books from her locker. Frustrated  that she couldn't find her science book she pushed everything to the side, then they collapsed falling into a pile on the floor.
Slamming her locker shut she bent down to rearrange her books."I read in teen vogue that it's okay to be angry after a break up" said Jennifer , appearing out of nowhere.
Rose groaned inwardly." I. AM. NOT. ANGRY."she hissed.
There are many theories and gossip surrounding my relationship with the Doctor. Am I the woman who marries him.....or kills him? Oh sweetie, why can't it be both? Because, I've done both. I married that insufferable man, and I killed him; not of my own volition of course. I love that man more than anything. I didn't want to kill him, but I didn't really have a choice - now did I? Tick tock goes the clock, that phrase was used so many times during my conditioning. To ensure I killed that man. I did kill him of course, twice actually. But that man just won't stay dead, though I'm not complaining. I didn't want him to stay dead. I overcame my conditioning the first time and brought him back, using up all my remaining regenerations in the process. So, the child of the Tardis is on her last life they would say. That's because I am. I don't regret saving him, oh I could never regret it. I love that man too much. Then, there was the second time. Lake Silencio. I killed him there too, twice. The same event, happening at the same point in time and space. Oh, the Doctor would say it was some wibbly wobbly, timey wimey stuff. Oh, he is ever the child, is he not? The first time the event occurred I did kill him, the second time.....I shot the Teselecta in the form of my husband. It was right after our wedding, too. Killing your husband on your wedding day, that doesn't seem right at all. That man, is smart though, found a way to stay alive, and I am ever so glad he did. I told my mother his parting secret after that, though. I couldn't stand to see my mother in so much pain, she deserved to know her best friend wasn't dead. The best friend who married her daughter. Ever so awkward. She was so thrilled, the girl who waited. Waiting for her Doctor to turn up once more. I had just done Byzantium at this time, my mother was there. Ever so young, didn't have a clue who I was. It hurt, looking at her and she just looked right through me. She saw a stranger, not her daughter or best friend. Oh, but looking at the Doctor hurt much, much worse. He didn't trust me, didn't know I was his wife. One day I'm going to find him and he's going to look right through me and not know who I am, at least at the Byzantium he knew my name. I also found out I was going to be a professor some day, how exciting! Spoilers. But, one day he will look at me and not have a clue who I am, and I absolutely know that it will kill me. We're catching up in our time streams, and I know the end is near. Hopefully, it can hold off for as long as possible, because I won't be able to bare it when it finally does come. At least now we're married in both of our time streams, and now my parents know I'm their daughter. It's taken them a bit of getting used to, thinking of someone who looks older than them, is older than them, as their daughter. I'll admit they've done a pretty good job. They wanted me to stay with them for a while, so I have been. Who am I to deny them the chance of getting to know their daughter? Who am I kidding, I want this more than anything in all of time and space. Rory has been a bit over protective since finding out, and Amy....well, she's been treating me like a child. Taking me shopping, and she even threw me a birthday party a while back. I adored the attention, of course! Like a little girl just wanting her mummy and daddy's constant attention. According to them, I was supposed to be a little girl, a baby actually. I knew it hurt Mother to not get to raise her baby, but this was going to have to be good enough. Finally, having a real mother who treated me like I was her daughter, that's all I've ever really wanted. Rory, well he's always acted like a dad toward me. Especially, when I was Mels. Back, when we were all children. I was always in a constant state of trouble, I just wanted them to treat me like I was their child, not their best friend. Oh, they were ever so surprised when they realized I, Mels, River, was their daughter. All because Hitler had gone and shot me. Lousy shot, he was. That was when I had first met the Doctor, the beginning of such a long journey. None of us have seen the Doctor since the wedding, but he's bound to show up at some point, I just know it.
Don't question the song, I've just been addicted to it lately. Anyways, enjoy this story that I randomly decided to make.
Cassie's POV
"Cass! Why do we have to this job?" Victoria yawned. It's the first day of our new job. I thought we needed the money so I got us the night shift at some pizzeria called 'Freddy Fazbears Pizza'.
"Cause we need the money for PAX East, I really want to meet Markimoo!" I said. Vi rolled her eyes and swung the door open.
A very creepy looking purple guy walked up to us and said, "Oh, your the new nighyguards, here's your uniforms!" He put really ugly clothes in our arms. (Oh btw, the animatronics aren't possessed by kids in this book. I just wanted Purple guy to be here and act like a pervy creep.) There were three strange animatronics on the stage. A huge brown bear with a top hat and bowtie with sort of a creepy stare, a large purple bunny with a guitar and a bowtie, and finally a duck with a bib? This guy who introduced himself as 'Vincent' started showing us around.
"This is Bonnie, Freddy, and Chica!" he said pointing to the animatronics on stage. Victoria looked like she was studying them, and I just stared. Then suddenly "Bonnie" moved and looked at me. Vincent started freaking out and yelled, "Your supposed to be off, you lunk of metal!"
Me and Vi just looked at him strangely. Bonnie was still staring at me. "Anyways, it's 11:50! You two should get to your office!" said Vincent as he grabbed his coat and scrambled out the door.
Me and Vi went down to the office."That chicken duck thing is very ugly." said Vi. I nodded slowly and laughed. As the clock struck 12, we got settled in for our first night.
"SHUT UP GUY ON THE PHONE!" Vi screamed into the phone and hung up. "He talked for TWO WHOLE HOURS!" she huffed. I shrugged as I flipped through the cameras, to see Bonnie and Chica were gone. "U-uh Vi?" I stammered.
"What?"
"Bonnie and Ugly Duck are gone."
Vi snatched the tablet away from me and glared at the stage. She started looking through the cameras trying to find them. Bonnie was in the west hall and Chica in the east.
Bonnie and Chica seemed to appear at the same time. Vi scrambled over trying to close the doors but Bonnie somehow managed to get in. "What do you want with us, purple rabbit?" Vi hissed. Bonnie made some sort of groaning noise and grabbed both of us and tried to drag us down the hallway.
A strange pirate fox started peeking out of some weird purple curtains. He got off the stage and walked up to Bonnie and started walking next to him.
The chicken and the bear were already in the backstage when Bonnie and Fox Man arrived. Freddy started laughing strangely.
Out of the blue, a puppet thing appeared with an angry looking expression on his face. "Trying to 'stuff' humans again, hmm?" it said slowly. All of them turned into their human forms and then Freddy murmured, "But it's fun Mari."
'Mari' in his human form glared at all of them and commanded, "Let them go." Bonnie released his grip on us and  looked hard done by. Honestly, Bonnie in human form is actually quite attractive. WHY ARE YOU THINKING THIS CASS? IT'S A MURDEROUS ANIMATRONIC! I shook my head to try to get the strange thought out of my head. Chica bounded up to us and said "Sorry for trying to stuff you into a Freddy suit! We thought you were endoskeletons!" Freddy smirked. I think he would have murdered us anyways if he could have.  Vi had this absolute look of disgust on our face like 'Don't get near me duck duck'.
The fox, who's name was actually 'Foxy' started trying to chat up Vi who was strangely interested in what he was talking about.
Someone grabbed my shoulder. I turned around to be in the face of Bonnie staring at me intently. He said, "You know, I didn't really want to kill you, Freddy just is... violent."
"Yeah I can see that." I replied.
"Uh yep.."
AWKWARD SILENCETIME
Anyways that's the end of this chapter. BWAHAHAAHAHA. ~ Catterifi
Springtrap (or spring for short): HI guys, ask for some reactions out of me and see what you get. Can I go now?
No, and just stick to the script.
Spring: *groans* Fine...
"First day of school! Up and at 'em!"
"Fuck off, Gee."
"Aw, is baby Mikey sleepy?"
"I said fuck off, I'm trying to sleep."
"Jesus, fine. Don't blame me when you're late on your first day of eleventh grade."
"Believe me, I won't."
---------
"Did you eat breakfast, honey?"
"Yeah."
"What did you eat?"
"Mom, is this really pertinent to the matter at hand?"
"Is it a crime to want to know if my youngest son had a proper meal?"
"Well, if you must know, I had a waffle."
"With syrup?"
"Jesus Christ!"
------------
"Welcome, everyone, to your first day back at Belleville High!"
"..."
"Oh! Almost forgot. We have a new student! Class, this is Mikey Way."
"...."
"Well, take a seat, Mr. Way."
"........"
"Is he not going to say anything?"
"I bet he thinks he's too good to even introduce himself."
"He's just a stuck-up rich kid."
Misconception #1.
"Hi, I'm Pete!"
"....?"
"Not much of a talker, huh? That's okay. I do most of my own talking anyway."
"Well... nice to meet you. I'm Mikey."
"Oh, trust me, I know."
Oh my god don't hate me I know this is so short but I just got the idea whoops
-Charlie xx
Clueless as they may seem, my maids weren't stupid. After all, it took hours just to clean one room. You had to have a brain for that sort of thing.
"Melody, please draw a bath for me, I've had a wretched day." I complain, as Evelyn rubs my temples with her fore fingers.
Melody scurries off into the bathroom, and before long I can hear the luxurious water running into the deep tub.
"Delores, darling, would you do me the divine favor of fetching some lavender to put in the bath?" I sigh, standing up to walk to the bathroom.
"Certainly, your highness." She bows her head respectively, as her and Evelyn both quickly leave the room.
Of all my days in the castle, not one day has been more tiring then today. Mother had another swarm full of guests come into the palace, leaving me to entertain the guests who were more my age.
There was Lady Enid from Prokesland, Sir Wilhem from Great Cortina, Duchess Gisela from the Republic of Finland. All of which followed countless more, and all of which talked my ears off more than ever.
That is why I hated parties. But then again, parties were the best part about being royal.
Because you got to meet so many different people who had different cultures. All in all, I made it sound terrible when really they were extraordinary.
"Miss, Delores has the lavender to put into your bath, would you like me to help you undress?" Melody says timidly, as she clasps her hands properly in front of her.
"That would be great, Melody, thank you." I sit down on the stool in the bathroom as Melody pulls at the cords of my corset. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Delores dropping bits of lavender into the steamy bath.
Once the corset is off, I feel like I can breath again.
"Thank you, Melody. You are dismissed." I reply with a flick of my wrist. She nods, bowing deeply and scuttles out of the bathroom.
"You as well, Delores, and tell Evelyn that she is also dismissed for the day."
Delores nods as well, and with a graceful curtsy, heads out of my bathroom.
I slowly stand up from the stool, making sure not to mess up my perfect hair as I slip into the hot liquid.
I try not to let out a sigh of relief as I settle deeper into the lavender scented water.
Soon enough, I close my eyes, ready to soak in the water as long as I can.
Just as I'm about to start relaxing, I here a slight knock at my door.
"Hmmph. Evelyn, get the door." I snip in annoyance.
When silence follows, I call out again.
"Evelyn!?"
Oh yes, that's right, I had dismissed her. I gingerly sit up, grabbing my robe that hangs next to the bathtub.
When the knock sounds again, I try not to reply in frustration.
"I'm coming, just give me a moment."
I wrap the robe around me, making sure my body is concealed from whoever might be behind the door. I walk out my bedroom, my feet pounding on the lush carpet.
I swing the door open, fully ready to yell at this person for interrupting my bath.
"You know, it is very rude to interrupt a someone when they are enjoying a bath of relaxation." I grumble, I open my mouth to say more, but then I freeze.
Oh dear god.
Standing before me is Prince Nicholas Hurvanas. Aka, the handsomest prince of my generation.
"Interesting. Then you wouldn't mind if I joined in on this bath of yours?" He raises his eyebrows with humor, his deep jade eyes sparkling with mischief.
Other girls would have swooned and dove right at him on this account, but I knew better. I wanted him, but I wasn't going to thrown myself at him. He was going to have to come to me on my terms.
"Nicholas, you always have been much of a flirt, haven't you?" I sigh, rolling my eyes. He chuckles at this, leaning on the door frame, his lips perked up in a devilish smirk.
"Only to the pretty girls like you, Angelina."
"As if." I scoff, letting his words slowly sink in.
"Well, may I come in?" He gestures towards my room, which, thank god, is clean. Like I said, my maids weren't stupid.
"I guess. But first will you allow me to change? I don't think a robe with nothing under it is very acceptable for.. company..." I reply, with a hint of seductiveness.
His face perks up at the nothing under it part, just like I knew they would. I try not to smile to myself, knowing I've got him right where I want him.
He was going to have to come to me on my terms.
"Oh I don't know, I think that it's suitable enough for a gentleman like me, but if you insist, I'll allow you to change." He nods, his devilish smile turning wickedly handsome in a matter of seconds.
I open the door wider, allowing him access into my room. He elegantly walks into my room, passing me slowly, causing my heart to pick up a pace.
On my terms.
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to change and call in a couple maids to bring us something, would that be alright?" I ask, feeling like my whole body is on edge.
"Splendid." He sits down on my crimson red love seat, his back straight and legs crossed.
A true prince.
I scurry quickly out of my bedroom and into my bathroom, stabbing buttons into the maid caller that looks like a TV plastered onto the wall.
As soon as that is done, I walk into my closet, trying to find something suitable, yet flirtatious and easy to slip off.
Yes, if you didn't already know, that was how tonight was going to go.
I hear a door open, and I realize it's the maids. Good, I could really use more opinions.
The door to my bathroom opens slowly, giving me time to figure out what I will ask the maids once they come in here.
The door to my closet opens, and I turn, holding up several tiny outfits that I could wear for Nicholas.
"Alright," I'm looking down at the outfits, the hangers biting into my hands.
"Which do you girls like best?" I hold them up higher so show to the maids.
There were several in my hands, I had the yellow tight fitting lingerie with matching heels, the romantic red resembled to look something like a goddess, and there were so many more, all of different colors.
"I think I like the black the most." Replied a deep manly voice. I look up in surprise to find Nicholas, smirking at me, his jade eyes staring hungrily at me.
"What are you doing in here?!?" I screech, suddenly embarrassed.
"I sent the maids away as soon as they brought the refreshments and toys." He holds up the rope and a bottle of wine.
I feel my face turn scarlet red, and I quickly turn away from him, hoping he won't see my emotions all flustered on my face.
"Hey, hey." He walks up from behind me, placing his hands onto my shoulders. His voice is deep and seductive. It's almost impossible to not turn around and smash my lips against his.
Before he can console me anymore, I turn around, holding up the one he said he liked the best.
"So, black is it?"
"I-"
"Great, now get out so I can change." I begin to push him out of my closet, and when we reach the door, he plants his feet.
"Are you sure about this?"
"Yes. Of course." I nod, confidently.
My terms.
"Alright, I'll be waiting for you out there then." He says, pointing towards my bedroom.
I give him a quick and flirtatious smile, leaving him wanting more. That is after all, my goal.
I quickly change into the black lingerie he had picked out, feeling invincible just wearing it. When I stand in front of the mirror, I don't see Angelina Lacet, princess of Ambonia, I see Angelina, sexy and queen of men.
Is it to cheesy? Probably, but I don't care.
I step out my closet, feeling cold without the extra warmth of my robe.
When I walk into my bedroom, Nicholas is laying there, on the bed, his emerald eyes staring at me.
"Your highness." He nods, his eyes sweeping over me greedily. I try to sexily pick my way over to him, and eventually, I'm laying over top of him, my heart racing rapidly against my chest.
"Your majesty." I reply sarcastically, as I lean down to kiss him. He accepts, tilting his head upward to meet my own advances.
My own terms.
Our lips lock together, forming a bond. His hand come up around me, feeling my over. His other hand rubs my inner thigh, making me squirm with pleasure. I place my hand on his chest, my other hand coming up to grip his neck.
My terms.
"Nicholas." I breath in between kisses. It's all to soon, before we are both tearing at each other clothes. I have his shirt ripped off in my hand, and he's taking my bra and unclasping it, I reach down to undo his buckle as he runs his hands along my breasts.
He kisses my collarbone, then slowly moves down onto my chest, feverishly feeling everywhere.
With his belt undone, I start to work on his pants as he grips onto my hips, pulling me closer to him.
Once I manage to get his pants off, he pulls and pulls at my underwear, slinging it off of my legs as soon as he manages to get it free.
It's so soon that when I finally reach for his own underwear, that we hear a knock on the door.
It's quiet and faint at first.
"Just ignore it." I mumble, as I kiss Nicholas.
And then it starts up again, the knocks becoming more frequent and urgent.
"Bloody hell." Nicholas grumbles, he sits up, pulling his pants back on.
"What are you doing?!" I yell angrily. That's when I realize I'm completely naked. I grip the silk bed sheets to my chest, hoping they won't slip down.
"I can't keep going if this person will keep knocking, it's distracting. And besides, I've had enough. Haven't you?"
"What?!? What kind of man doesn't want to go all the way!?" I shriek, feeling like I was just a pawn.
"Well, thank you and all, for this, but perhaps another time." He is buttoning his shirt when the door bursts open, a guard standing at fault for breaking my door down.
"What the hell?!" I shriek as wood splinters in every direction.
"I'm sorry your highness, but it's urgent, you have to come with me now." The guard doesn't waste any time in explaining, he rushes over quickly and grabs me by the arm, his hand wrapping around my bicep.
"How dare you touch me!" I yell angrily at the guard.
He pulls me out from under the bed sheets, and a wave of cold air hits me hard.
"Ohh... shit..." The guard quickly turns around, but it's to late.
He's already seen everything.
"You bastard! I'll have your head for this! I'll kill you! I'll kill you myself! I'll kill you!" I shout enraged. I fling myself at the guard, but it's Nicholas who stops me, he has an arm around my waist and is holding back as best as he can.
"Go! I'll take care of this!" He yells at the guard, who nods, and mumbles his apologies several times to many for my liking.
"Let go of me! How dare you touch me as well! I'll have you tried for sexual abuse! You asshole! Let me go!"
Nicholas, eventually shuts me in my own bathroom, naked. With my closet locked and my only choice of some clothing in the bedroom, I'm forced, in my own home to run around naked like a crazy woman.
They are so going to die.
Hi, im Dani. And I was one of the happiest girls on earth. Was.
Monday, September 7th 2016 my whole life changed.
Lets start with the boy.
Hello, all amazing Wattpad people!
Here is my new fanfiction, I would not have released it now, but I could not wait!
The book will not be updated as often as the other books I have written earlier, since I also work on another project.I hope you will enjoy 'I miss you' ...
__________________________________________________________________________
SMS message - 10:45 Sunday morning

Hi Angie

I'm writing just to tell you that we landed in Qatar, the flight was fine and I feel good. Miss you and love you!

Hug from your beloved niece...

The message from Violetta goes straight into the heart. She has just landed after a 17-hour flight and are probably tired, but she has not forgotten me. The message is both sad and soothing. It is sad because it reminds me that my niece is hundreds of kilometers away. But at the same time soothes me, because I know that she has landed safely.

But no matter how nice it is to know that she is no longer sitting in a plane high above the earth's surface, she is still too far away to that I would be able help her with her problems and that I would be able to talk properly with her. No matter how close a relationship we have, nothing we do to keep in touch, could replace the relationship we had before they left.

They... They traveled both. Violetta against her will and German? German traveled because...

I can not collect my thoughts! Or do I just do not know why he left? I can not see any logical reason for that he found it necessary to leave everything. I know that I have not told the truth about everything, but he did nor... For that matter told Violetta nor the truth... and Olga, Ramallo, Jade, Mathias. No one told the truth.

Maybe this was why? He said he wanted to get away from all the lies, it makes sense. But why in this way?

Too many questions and far too few answers!

I take a deep breath. Breathe. Relax. You have to concentrate, Pablo expect that you are at The studio in half an hour. My inner voice instructs me carefully in how I should deal with my current situation.

The end of the year show was a great success and Pablo would like to see all students and teacher at the studio to thank them for the hard work and wish them a good summer holiday.

Summer holidays... It's just what I need, I will visit Violetta! In the worst case I am going to stay in Qatar after the summer is over, but nothing is certain yet. I do not even know when I leave Buenos Aires. All these formalities will I take care of later.

My eyes fall back on the phone, which is now black, to save power. I press the code again and Violetta's message is again visible ... 'I feel good '

She feel good, HA! Violetta plays strong, she will not worry me, but both she and I know that the fact that her father has moved her again, is the worst thing he ever could do to her.

And I'm back at German... Will he continue to haunt my thoughts?

'Miss you and love you'... If only I could hear her say it, if only I could hear her say that she misses me and love me, right now, I would be the happiest aunt in the world and I would tell her how much I miss her and how much I love her.

Words can not describe what I feel and have felt for the last 24 hours ... And me who thought that the last year was hard, HA ...

Less than 20 minutes I have to be at The studio.

SMS message - 10:58 Sunday morning

Hey Vilu!

Good to hear that the trip went well. Write, call or skype me if you need to talk! I will visit soon... Love you and miss you very much!

Your beloved aunt, Angie!
"I'm so excited! It's only been a week since summer ended, but I still can't believe we're finally grade 8's!" Sierra, my newbie friend, ranted. She came to Eastwood Middle School near the end of last year, and even though it's been a couple of months, me and Claire, my best friend, are the only people she knows.
"Yeah, I need to lose my single reputation...I want at least one ex-boyfriend," Claire shook her head, and I laughed.
"I've been single all the way, though," I reminded her, opening the heavy doors to the staircase that lead upstairs to our class. We jogged up the stairs until we reached the second pair of heavy doors that lead to the hallway. In front of them were our lined purple-ish coloured lockers. Mine was locker number 237, Claire's was 240, and Sierra's was 231. Beside me was Drew's locker, the cutest boy to ever step foot in this school. At least that's what I say.
He has dark hair and hazel eyes, with a straight nose. His cheekbones were one's that any girl would kill to have, and his face was just so freaking beautiful words can't even describe. Okay, I like him. Big time. And he's also got that badass, careless, trashy talk attitude, and I've heard he's smoked weed once or twice. That's just so hot in my opinion.
"Hey, Lexi," Drew said, opening his locker. I blinked a couple of times before snapping myself out of the random daze I was in.
"Hey, Drew," I smiled, unlocking my combination. I took out the books I needed for class and my iPhone before shutting the locker.
"Well, it hasn't been a week at school and Hayden's already saying that he likes you...a lot," he said, running a hand through his hair. Claire was mouthing random stuff at me and motioning at me to hurry up while Sierra shuffled from foot to foot. The thing is, Sierra kind of likes Drew, and I mean, who wouldn't? But apparently she told us all first that she has a crush on him, while I kept it a secret, and there's this friend rule that you can't date or like the person your friend likes. So effing stupid. I've known Drew way longer then that fatass, anyways. Oops, did I say fatass? I mean it.
The thing is, Sierra came, like, in the first weeks of June last year. She dated this guy Sean, and because of that, she gained a tiny bit of popularity in our grade. Now that it's the start of a new year, she's been hogging everyone I know. I don't hold a grudge against her or something, but I feel like she's trying to take my place here at Eastwood. It's pretty obvious that won't happen, 'cause I've been here since the start and everyone I know, for example Claire and Drew, will always be closer to me, but still. Paranoia, I guess.
"Hayden? Again? What's with him?" I frowned, pulling at a long lock of my ash brown hair. Hayden was one of my friend's, and last year this new girl, Trissa started crushing on him. He didn't like her back, so he asked me to pretend and date him for as long as she was there. We use to cuddle and hug in front of her (we never kissed), and she finally left after her second month. Hayden apparently took 'us' seriously and confessed that he liked me, and I didn't know what to say. He still is my friend, though.
"I'm pretty sure it's 'cause of last year," Drew shrugged.
"C'mon, Ew, we didn't even date. It was pretend," I smirked at the face he made when I called him by his oh-so-hated nickname, Ew.
"Don't call me that, Exi," he shot back, and I grimaced. Okay, that's just one hell of a bad nickname. I laughed anyways, and then checked the time on my iPhone just as the second bell rang.
"Let's go!" Claire scowled, and we all fell in step as we walked to Ms. Culbertson's classroom. The good thing about being in Culbertson's class is that she gives no freaking shit about what we do, and she practically just eats and sleeps the whole day. I am so glad we have her most periods.
Once we reached our class, we took our regular seats; Drew beside me, Claire in front of me, and Sierra beside her. 'Drew beside me?'  You're probably thinking...well, yep. His guy friends, Hayden, Thomas, Danny and whatsoever, sit at the tables beside us. I hate how we're the oldest grade in the class, and we still have to sit in freakin' table groups. That's just so childish...but if it means sitting right next to Drew, I'll go right ahead.
"Hey, Lex," Hayden smiled at me. His dirty blonde hair was neatly brushed back, and his sea green-blue eyes were sparkling in the glowing sunlight seeping through the windows. If you ask me, Hayden's pretty attractive. He's got the same personality as Drew, and sometimes I think I might have feelings for him. But what's the point of ruining an amazing friendship? Sooner or later, we would have broken up over something stupid anyways.
"Hey, Dan," I smiled back, scrolling through my iPhone pages. I opened my Instagram and my eyes widened at the huge number of notifications I had.
"Woah," Drew said from over my shoulder. "812 likes for that?" He looked in disbelief at the picture of my nails painted a bright blue.
"Psh," I scoffed. "I'd like to see you get six likes for a picture of your face,"
"Ouch," he put a hand to his heart and leaned back on his chair. I giggled, and then went back to scrolling down my pictures. I apparently had 109 more followers. Damn. Closing the Instagram app, I turned on my Kik. This time, both Drew and Hayden were peering over my shoulder and reading my messages. Nosy pricks.
"You got Justin Smith?" Hayden frowned, pointing to a chat I had with the popular blonde at school. He was Hayden and Thomas' friend, and he was really skinny and cute in some ways. Lots of people say he smokes crack, though. God, I don't know what it's with people and drugs these days.
"Yeah. But the rest, I honestly don't know some people on this...whoever's on my Kik probably has me on their Facebook," I shrugged. I opened my chat with Drew and grinned. The latest messages from him were from when I was at vacation.
hw's flordia hoe? <3
"I'm so nice," Drew laughed, resting his head on my shoulder. Immediately, a rush of butterflies filled my stomach and I felt my cheeks turn pink.
"Totally," I rolled my eyes, trying my best to ignore the fact that Drew had his freaking head on my freaking shoulder. I scrolled down more until I saw Hayden's messages.
wtf u doin @ florida? ans m fking mssges..u said u'd stay in touch??
"He's actually right, you did say you would stay in touch with everyone," Drew said pointedly.
"Guys, you're leaving us out!" Sierra whined.
"Shut up, fatso," Drew remarked, rudely if I may add. Sierra's face turned crimson and I felt bad. I instantly remembered her crush on Drew, and shrugged his head off of my shoulder.
"I was comfy there, thank you very much," he protested, pressing his head on my shoulder again. I laughed and pushed him away.
"So, Lexi," Hayden started, once everyone settled. "I was wondering..."
"Dan, it's been a freaking week. Are you asking me out already?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.
"C'mon, as friends," he pressed.
"How 'bout McDonald's? We'll take these guys with us, and you'll be paying," I suggested, motioning to everyone at my table. Danny and Thomas' heads' jerked up from their table at the mention of free food.
"It's all on Hayden?" they asked together.
"Yup," I smirked. "better bring, like, twenty bucks after school, then,"
"Yo, c'mon. I asked you only," Hayden frowned.
"Uh, let's do this. You pay for me, 'cause I spent all my savings on chocolate bars. And Drew'll pay for everyone else," I said, grinning cheekily at Drew, who scowled immediately at the mention of him paying for four other people.
"No fucking way," he announced, glaring pointedly at me. "I'm not going if it's gonna be like that,"
"Calm your man tits, Drew," Claire laughed. "we'll all just pay for ourselves,"
"Wait, so no free food?" Thomas frowned.
"The fuck, Thomas. Just bring two bucks," Hayden said, eyeing his friend weirdly.
"I thought we all had something special," Danny sighed dramatically, and I grinned.
"You all are such drama queen's," I rolled my eyes. "spending two bucks isn't so hard,"
"Whatever," Drew threw his hands up in defeat. "I'll just bring ten bucks. It's all on me,"
"Since when did you become so nice?" Sierra raised an eyebrow, speaking for the first time in a while.
"Since I found out you had AID's and decided to feel pity," Drew shot back, and I snickered.
"You're supposed to be defending me, Lex!" Sierra complained, her eyes darting from me to Drew, and then Hayden. Her eyes were filled with different emotions. Jealousy, anger, and hurt. Now I could explain exactly why she was feeling all that, too. Jealousy 'cause I had two of the cutest guys beside me, anger that none were paying attention to her, and hurt because her crush just dissed her. I would not wanna be in her place.
" oh come on, let your body be free for once."
all reserved rights to wilksbaby
PRUSSIA POV
I shield my eyes from the sun leaking in from the window. I glanced at the clock, it was 8:00 in the morning. I flung the covers off me and stepped out of my bed. I rubbed my eyes while walking to the bathroom. I flipped on the lights witch and brushed my teeth. I stripped off my pajamas and got in the shower. After that was done, I put on new clothes and looked in the mirror.
Something was off.
I looked up and down at my self. Patted around my body and looked again. Them it hit me. Gilbird was gone. My eyes widened and threw stuff all around the bathroom looking for him. I checked the shower, sink, cabinets and the toilet. I couldn't find Gilbird anywhere in there.
I ran into my bedroom, maybe the windows were closed and he couldn't get in when he was let out. Wrong, the windows where all wide open and Gilbird was no where to be found. I flung most of my things around the room looking for him. "Vere ze HELL is Gilbird!?" I yelled aloud. West looked in my room.
"Vat are you doing?" He asked, holding his coffee. He just woke up.
"Gilbird iz gone and I don't know vere he is!" I yelled again. This time I was more distressed. I kept looking through my things, but he was still, nowhere to be found.
"Don't stress yourself out zat much. Gilbird is probably somevere around here." West said walking off. I stared after him and kept throwing things around. Once I came to terms that. Gilbird was not in my room, I ran out into the living room. Going through the same process I did in my room. I eventually checked every room in the house. Even the guest rooms.
I ran out into the backyard and started pulling up rocks and looking through the flowers. When I didn't find him, I ran back into my room and grabbed my phone. "Someone must have stole him!" I said with a look that could kill someone. I pulled up my first contact. It was Mattie.
Mattie? Do you know where Gilbird is? I didn't find him this morning!
No, I don't. You can't find him? That doesn't sound like Gilbird."
I know it doesn't, but I can't find him! Did you take him or know anyone who would?!
I wouldn't take him. I know how much he means to you. I also don't know who would take him. Sorry...
Oh okay fine. If you find anything tell me!
Maybe we can throw a party and see how everyone acts around you.
That's a great idea! Text some other countries and tell them to come over. You be here too.
I shut off my phone and started pacing the floors. Who would steal Gilbird? I picked up my phone again and dialed my new found suspects. Time to find Gilbird.
It was a peaceful Wednesday night when I went to bed. My husband, John, strolled out of the master bath, a towel swishing around his waist. "Emily, I can't believe that you didn't even wash my pair of socks!!!" John growled. "Oh, honey, I'm sorry! It slipped from my mind. I totally forgot. I'll do them first thing in the morning." I replied, trying to avoid a fight. "Well, MAYBE you haven't thought about the fact that I don't WANT to wait. I have a meeting in the morning and I need my new socks." John snarled. This was all too much for me. With the baby boy on the way, I was already a little bit snappy and just the other night me and John had gotten into a fight. I was too tired for another night like last night. All I truly wanted was a good night's sleep. "You know what, John?" I asked, trying desperately to keep my anger out of my voice. "What now?" John snapped. That was it. I exploded. Looked like my "good night's sleep" wasn't going to be happening tonight. "John, you can just take your lazy ass DOWNSTAIRS, and stick your god damn socks in the washer. I'm PREGNANT, and it's my daily workout to get up and down the stairs. I'm wiped out, and theirs NO CHANCE I'm going to work my ass downstairs for your dumb socks." I'd exploded. Too late now. "Take your lazy ass downstairs right this moment or else. " John threatened. So I went downstairs and as I was working my way down the steap steps, I felt cold water trickle down my leg. All of a sudden, my stomach burst into pain."John! My water broke!" I hollered. "God dammit." I heard John mumble. John came running down the hall with his pants around his ankles, his hair a frizzy mess. He assisted me down the last few stairs and out the door, his keys in his hands. He turned the keys into the ignition, and sped down the road that us two had once drove upon, a happy young couple seeking a home to settle down in.
(Ciara with the black hair and Niki with the blonde hair)
Wassup! My name Ciara Monroe, my street name is Cici.. I'm 17, I dropped outta high school before my senior year because I needed to take care of my family. My family is my 2 little sisters and my grandmother. Our dad is dead, our mom is in rehab, and our older brother doesn't live in Cali with us; he moved to New York when he turnt 23.
I'm part of this gang called '2Sl1ck'. There are 5 main members, well 6 counting me. There is Trigga (18), Killa (20), Rabbit(16), Roman(18), Niki(17), and me; Cici (4 boys, 2 girls). Niki is my best friend, A1 day1, partner in crime, same with Trigga. Killa, Rabbit, and Roman are like brothers to me, so basically a hoe should be warned about messing with them the wrong way.
People say I should be more nice, cause I say a lot of rude things to people most of the time. It's because I'm hot-headed, a neurotic person, and I'm kind of bipolar. I do take pills that actually keep me sober from freaking out, blacking out, pulling my hair, or biting my nails.
Life is hard for me man. The struggles.
I looked around the book store. I found the hobbit and lord of the rings books. I picked them up and carried them to the register. The woman at the register smiled. I bought the books. "Would you like a free reading?" The woman offered. I nodded. She led me into a small room. An orb laid on a weird stand. I sat down on one end as the woman sat on the other side. The orb started to glow. The woman's eyes were glowing too.
The orb showed images of a strange world. I felt the freedom coming from it. The orb stopped on an image of a handsome man. The woman smiled again. "You have a great destiny." The woman said.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"The world you see needs your help. The man you see needs your guidance. You will wake up there. That world will change you. They need you. You are important to their future."
"Yeah right. I am not important. I need to leave now. Only god knows what you want to do to me. Goodbye and good day."
I shot up and grabbed my books. I ran out to my car. It was storming outside. I drove away. I stopped at a stoplight. My phone and headphones were in my pockets. I turned on my music. Out of nowhere, a helicopter fell out of the sky. It landed a few yards away from me. One of the wings flew in my direction and stabbed me in my stomach. Pain shot through me. I blacked out quickly after impact.
....Time Skip....
"I hope she is alright." Haley's voice filled my ears.
"She will be fine." An unfamiliar voice assured her.
"He is right. The wound is already healed." Blake's voice agreed.
My eyes fluttered open. Haley, Blake, and an elderly man in gray were watching me. I leaned forward then stood up. I looked around. I turned my gaze to the stranger. "Who are you?" I asked.
"I am Gandalf the Gray." The stranger smiled.
Wait. Gandalf. Gandalf. I know I heard it from somewhere but where. I've got it. I'm in Middle-Earth. I thought.
"Where are you going?" I wondered.
"To the village of Bree. All three of you can come with me if you wish." Gandalf offered.
"Ok. We will." I accepted.
Gandalf took the lead. "I know where we are. Follow my lead no matter what." I whispered to my siblings. They nodded in agreement. We rushed to catch up with Gandalf. We're going to Bree. That means that I get to meet the Thorin Oakenshield. I smiled.
___________________________________________
Hi. This will be a Fili/Michelle/Thorin, a Haley/Kili, and a Blake/Tauriel ff. There is more to come so don't worry. Do you think I should let Thorin and Fili live or let them die and have Michelle and Haley find new love? I need it for the second book. Don't forget to vote and comment. -Faith-
hey i'm Irfan, i'm a 15 year old boy who everyone calls 'emo'. i'm a little different to everyone else but apparently that's a bad thing but i don't know why. whenever i'm with my best friend in school people stare at me and look at me as if i was an animal. we don't look the same as everyone else at school and we act a little differently but i don't know why everyone is against that. it's not like we act violently or rudely we are just different. i have black hair covering a part of my face and my friend has one side of her head shaved off and i don't find that bad but everyone says she looks like a lesbian which can't be true. we always hang around together at break and lunch and we try not to notice everyone else judging us but it's not as easy as you think. i have major and bipolar depression plus i have social anxiety which makes it hard for me to put up with all the stress i get from school and from my parents but i have to put up with it no matter what.
i got home from school one day really tired the stress from school once again so i went up to my room, got changed and then sat down to watch some YouTube. i suddenly got a message on my phone from this guy i was talking to online. he was only two years older than me and seemed like a 'cool' guy so i didn't mind talking to him so i went onto the app which he was messaging me from and went on the message i just received. it wasn't too interesting we just talking about the usual, how was your day and stuff like that but then he asked me to call him. we text-ed each other  for a couple of hours. i didn't like talking to people over the phone because i found it uncomfortable for some reason so i tried explaining to him that i didn't want to but somehow he persuaded me to call him, so i did. i called him but i was still nervous for calling someone who i haven't met for the first time in my life. like i said he seemed pretty 'cool' so i decided that calling him wasn't such a bad thing after all. we had a small conversation mostly of him asking questions such as "are you feeling okay?" and general questions like that. we talked for quite a while probably for an hour or two and it was past midnight so i decided that it was time to stop talking and i told him i was really tired and needed some sleep, this wasn't true since i stay awake until really late at night anyway but i just felt like i should stop talking to him. he repeatedly asked me to talk to him and not hang up but i was feeling a little uncomfortable so i explained that i was too tired and he finally agreed and he hung up.
i couple of days later he asked me to call him again. i refused since he wouldn't stop last time but he said 'it won't be so long this time' so i agreed. this was a mistake, i called him up and everyone seemed normal but i could hear something in the background. we had the normal conversation so i asked him what the noise was. he refused telling me and tried to hide it up by trying to talk about something else but i wanted to know, i wasn't the pushy type pf person but he seemed very mysterious to me. i finally convinced him and he decided to tell me. he said "ye i'm just jacking off over your voice and your profile pic" which got me freaked out so i told him that was really weird of him to do and i ended the call. since then he has been texting me again and again but i don't want to be reminded of how disgusted i felt at that moment of finding out the truth about that guy.
There were times when I'd blink and open my eyes to find myself somewhere else or discover claw marks on my forearms. I'd pass out, I assumed. I may be an amnesiac, another theory. No one could explain how I could move while in a coma-like state, or break my skin until it cried red.
My name isn't really Indi Flinch, but I can't use my real name. These are the documentations of how I discovered the dark cloud above my head and who summoned it.
<< Hayes >>
"Hey, Alex!!!" I called by best-friend (also neighbor) from outside my window to hers.
She didn't answer. I got a pebble and threw it.
A few seconds later she poked her head out.
"What do you want?!" she said.
"Wanna ride to school with me?" I called.
She sighed."Sure." she rolled her eyes at me then went back inside.
I got dressed then got my skateboard. I ran down the stairs.
"Bye, mom." I kissed her cheek and ran out the door.
"Bye, sweetie!!!" I heard her call before I closed the door behind me.
I waited outside of Alex's house for a few minutes before she came outside with her penny board.
"Penny board?! Seriously?!" I asked her.
"Oh shut up, Grier. I can do whatever I want." she stuck her tounge out at me.
"Yeah. I guess you're right." I rolled my eyes at her and we rode the rest of the way to school in silence.
"Want to know something cool?" I asked Alex.
She glanced over to me suspiciously.
"Hmmm... Sure." she said turning back.
"I'm getting a pool." I said excited.
"Really?! Nice! When?!" she cried out.
"Next week." I sighed.
"Well. We can wait! Don't be sad!" she punched my arm softly.
"Yeah. You're right." I said.
"Of course, I am." she smiled.
"Do you want to know something cool?" she asked, looking over to me.
"What?" I asked looking at her too.
"I'm going to start a Vine account wanna join?" she asked. She looked pretty excited and I didn't want to let her down.
"Heck yeah!" I laughed.
"Cool. How do you wanna call it?" she asked.
"Hmmm. How about just Alex and Hayes?" I said.
"Oh ok." she smiled and we turned the corner to the school.
"Well see you after-school. My house?" I asked as we got of our boards
"Kay! See ya!" she said and went inside carrying her board.
I smiled and followed a few minutes later.
As I was lying in bed and it was already 1:24 am, I couldn't help but fantasize about my future. My brain was totally exploding with thoughts and I just couldn't seem to sleep. Okay. Maybe because I slept in till 4:00 pm the previous day. Back to the point, what does my future hold? Extremely magnificent income, married to the love of my life and be truly happy or become a stripper or end up as a lonely old woman? Hmm. The perks of being me, Alison Septembers. Despite the fact that I'm only 16 years of age, it still boggles my mind, you know, the whole thing about finding myself and what to believe in and who to let into your life and how to live properly.. its fucking frustrating actually. Okay I really have to sleep. I have school tomorrow. Not that I really fucking care but I need beauty sleep right.
-----------
I woke up to the sound of my father yelling. The usual. I swear if I was my mother,  I'd be divorced right now and far away from that man. He claims to be the "King of the house" which everyone in this house definitely disagrees to. He has some anger issues and so on. Who am I kidding, my father has major issues. He's words contridicts his actions and he is a fucking terrible person. He puts himself out to be a saint in other peoples eyes when in fact his the most dumbest, hypocritical and annoying person I know. He treats my mother like shit and everyone else in this damn house. But let's not start this day off shitty. I got up to go to the bathroom to have my usual morning cigarette, (I always smoke in the bathroom when my mothers at home because she does not quite, accept that I smoke). I stepped into the shower and stood under the hot water for about 20 minutes before actually washing. By the time I was all dressed in my uniform,  ready for school my lift had been outside waiting for me.
-----------
I got to school at 7:45 am. It was cold and foggy. The morning mist blinded the sight across the school field. I walked over to my clique of friends and greeted everyone. "Baby!" one of my closest friends, Kendall yelled and I hugged her tight and laughed, we sat down and each lit a cigarette. My clique was basically the smoking crew on the school so all the smokers were at our table before the 8:00 am bell rang for the beginning of the school day. Kendall and I spent the next 15 minutes gossiping and talking about random topics while smoking. 8:00 am the school bell rang and we had to say goodbye till our first lunch break which was at 10:10 am. School life in South Africa is pretty unique. And no South Africa is not a deserted place with shacks and poor people. Its a pretty amazing country and Cape Town was the most amazing, which is where I lived. I continued my day as usual, attending most of my classes and spending both my lunch breaks with my friends smoking and joking around. Every other day (which was basically everyday) I'd get high at school and float on a cloud to my last few classes of the day. And when I finally got home in the afternoon, I'd eat and sleep. Homework was not my thing which is probably why I'm also failing my classes other than skipping classes or being highly in another fucking universe.
-----------
The next day. Friday. Finally it was the end of the week. I had a usual morning, thankfully my father was still sleeping when I got up for school, because having him up in the morning before I went to school really kicked my day off with hell. I arrived at school, ready as fuck to spend my day stoned. I smoked right before school and when school started at 8:00 am I found out that today there will be an assembly so my reaction was like "this has got to be hilarious". But when I made it in to the school hall they had told us to drop our bags at the back and have a seat which was not normally what happened. We usually kept our bags with us. But before I could register what was going on, I looked at the stage to see a policeman standing there. Oh shit. Oh fuck no. My entire world stopped and shit went from cloud 9 to sober real fucking quick.
*كريس*هل بعمركم تسآءلتم ماذا يحدث للدنيا اذا لم يكن هناك ابن زعيم فيها؟. اسف صديقي الدنيا بﻻ معنى من دون ابن الزعيم .
^ماثيو ^ مرحبا صديقي كريس . كيف حالك ؟
*كريس* بخير . كيف اساعدك؟
^ماثيو ^هل تريد ان نذهب الى حانة صديقنا ايف؟
*كريس* ولما ﻻ ؟. هيا يا صديقي .
& ايف&اهﻻ وسهﻻ بصديقاي . كيف اخدمكما ؟
^ماثيو^كأسان من النبيذ الاحمر . لأنها ليلة رأس السنة . اتتذكران؟
*كريس*اه . لقد نسيت هيا لنحتفل.
&ايف&هيا بنا.
#بعد انقضاء ليلة رأس السنة#
*كريس*لقد شربنا الكثير من النبيذ حتى سكرنا لكننا استمتعنا حقا اليس كذلك يا ماثيو؟
^ماثيو^معك كل الحق ياصديقي . لقد تعبت اريد النوم.
₩اتمنى ان تعجبكم القصة₩كتابة " .siba_qab "
M O L L I EWhen I was six, my dad turned into a murderer, setting our house on fire, immediately killing my mum and leaving me with bad injuries. I was an only child, with no older family to go to, after my family being taking away from me when I was at such a young age, as the hospital said. I ended up being taken into an adoption home. •I've been at Ocean View adoption home for nine years now, and it's bad. I'm not saying this for pity, or to make people adopt me. I'm being honest. Being the oldest person, i'm left to look after the younger kids, who have been chucked in here because their parents are abusive or just plain lazy. One young girl called Alexia recently got adopted by a nice couple. I wonder how it feels to be rejected- time and time again. Oh, wait, I already know. ........Oh my gosh, Star, seriously, another fanfic? Yes, i know, but i wanted to write another one, as lying for love is very nearly other!Shoutout to : phansperf & carry.on.my.wayward.hobbits on instagram for proofreading :))
"JOSH." Yelled Mary. Mary owned the orphanage. "THERE:S A FAMILY HERE THAT WANTS TO ADOPT COME DOWN PLEASE." I can do this. I thought to myself. I walked downstairs and there were four people. "Hi Josh. I'm Chica." Said the one in yellow. She looked about 14 and had short blonde hair in a bob, a pale yellow sundress, yellow pumps and purple eyes. The boy beside her looked about 15 (my age) and had purple hair, white undershirt, a purple vest, black Jeans, purple converse and magenta eyes. "This is Bonnie." Said Chica and pointed to the guy in purple. "Hi." I said with a smile. "Hey." He said. The guy beside Bonnie looked about 20 and had medium length brown hair, ice blue eyes, brown trousers, brown sweater and black formal shoes. "Hello. I'm Freddy." He said. "Hello." I said back. Then there was Foxy. He had amber eyes, red hair, red trousers, black boots, a hook for a hand and a red long sleeve top.
"Well Josh, you should go pack your stuff...your being adopted." Said Mary with a smile but she was tearing up. I was gonna miss her.
I went upstairs and packed my things. It didn't take me long since I didn't have that much stuff. I went downstairs and said goodbye to Mary and she started crying.
"Remember Josh, if you ever need anything, don't hesitate to ring me or text me or even come down." She said.
"Thanks Mary. I won't ever forget." I said with tears in my eyes.
I put my stuff in the back of the car, they had a huge car, and waved to Mary as we drove off.
"So Josh. Tell us about yourself." Said Foxy. He had a strong pirate accent. It was kinda cool actually. "Well my names Josh. I'm 15 years old. I've been in the orphanage since I was a week old because my mother died while giving birth to me and my father had left her when he found out she was pregnant. I'm from California. I'm homeschooled." I told them.
"Awww I'm so sorry Josh." Said Chica.
"It's okay." I smiled
We pulled up to the house. Wow it was a big house. When we got inside we were greeted by sox people. (I'm gonna let you guys imagine how Toy Bonnie, Toy Chica, Marionette, Toy Freddy, Golden Freddy and Springtrap look like.) I said hi to them and went to my room. It was black with rock posters all over it and ..make up? There was also a bunk bed. Looked like I was sharing a room with a girl. But Toy Chica, Mangle and Chica looked like they were girly and not emo. Suddenly a girl shot up from the top bunk. "HELLO." She said. I jumped and fell on my face. She started laughing. I got up and looked at her. She had dark blue hair, blue eyes, she was wearing a black t shirt that said hearbreaker on it in different colour sequins and blue high waisted jeans. (This is me and I actually own these clothes XD) "Whoops sorry." She giggled. "You must be Josh. I'm Jade." She said. Cute name. I thought. "Thanks." She said with a smirk. "Thanks for what?" I said confused. "For saying I have a cute name." She said and laughed. "How did you know I said that..well thought it.""I can read minds." She said. Looks like I'm gonna have to be careful with this one.
Hi guys so I added myself to the story cos I got bored. I actually look like that. I wanna do a Josh x me XD XD. I'm not doing lemons though. No way. Anyways byeeeee x~Jay
Hey guys, I'm going to be writing this book and i did write it in my English class and it's going to end in a cliffhanger, hope u enjoy!! And let me know if u like it.
Walking in the long dark, muddy forest. Feeling that there's something at the very end I need to find.
Something's waiting to be found, something what's lost for days, weeks, months, years even century's. Something what was there before I was born deep down the past, where the forest was once an Victorian city.
I have no fear, just curious to find what my soul is telling me, A special gift? A skeleton?, it could be anything
Still walking only 10-15 minutes until I find what I'm supposed to find, Maybe it's one of my family members who died a long, long time ago.
Maybe her or his ghost is still here, who wants to go into the light and be free by me needing to hurry up and fins the thing my soul is telling me to find.
Not sure what it is but my soul is telling me I'll see it when I get there. Nervous but not scared, I am strong to not give up.
I slowed my pace down knowing I'm here, slowly looking up from the ground and looking around was a city, not any ordinary city, this city was old. WAIT, it's an Victorian city.
Seeing people walking past me.. Dressed in old fashioned clothes what makes the people Victorians but they would be dead by now. I looked down and saw I was wearing old fashioned clothes to, confusion ran up my body and I started to turn back round to the forest... But the forest wasn't there.. I'M TRAPPED...
I hope u enjoy reading this book, I think I might create a number 2 what will be called I'm trapped in the Victorian city#2 so if u want me to write the next book let me know and I should be able to write it as soon as possible. Thanks for reading..
disclaimer; i have yet to own the jurassic park franchise or the movie Jurassic World. i sadly don't own nick robinson or chris pratt either, also, if the raptors were still living, i would try to own those as well.


Hello my name is Allison. It's my first day here at chaos high. "Hello young woman"says the secretary. "Hello mrs uhh Clark" I reply . "Your Allison right?" Mrs Clark asks. " I nod. "Your in room 207." She says. I ran up the stairs and entered my class room. " your late." The teacher says dryly. I quickly sit down next to a guy who's kinda cute. "What's your name" i ask. "Damian, and yours?" "Allison" (30 minutes later) riiing! I walk out of the class room and accidentally crashed into a girl. "Oh hey, I'm Analysha" she says. "I'm Allison" your new here right? Yah I am. You know anyone? Just you, Damian and the teachers. Oh ok got to go. Analysha left the I looked for room 103. As I searched for the room a boy popped out. "Huh" I said as I was startled. "Sorry to scare you" he replied. "I'm heading to p.e." I said. he followed me. I started to blush. I couldn't help it. I felt weird around him I just don't know what it is.
Teen Fiction ||
Haven has the prefect life. She has a football player of a boyfriend. Her best friends are cheerleaders, and her parents are loaded with money. Her life is set out for her the moment she was born.
She has to be perfect.
It's only been a month since school started and she has already found herself falling down the wrong path. This path was written with one person who she starts to hang out with.
Connor Myers.
He teaches her to let loose sometimes. She even finds herself with Connor in her pool way past midnight with barely any clothes on.
Soon she finds herself falling for Connor when she knows she has the perfect boyfriend and she finds herself with the wrong friends when she knows she has perfect ones.
But is perfect what she wants?
Her friends tried to tell her that once Connor leaves her, she's going to be all alone and Haven couldn't help but think:
What will happen when he leaves?
Hi I'm lilly I was a orphan at Max's Orphanage, just so you know I lived a HORRIBLE life...
-I never knew my real parents or family
-I had a VERY STUPID  caretaker
-and I don't have any friends
But...that ALLL changed on adoption day aka my birthday YES IT WAS ON MY BIRTHDAY and that gave me a sighn.A sign saying MAYBE the world gave me enough trouble .....or so I thought....
Let's begin...
The story of my life...
Her name was Ellyn.
She was the sweetest girl he knew, always telling the boys not to pick on Merlin because of his ears and then would invite him to her house and talk over burnt biscuits and cold tea. She was pretty, too, all blonde hair and green eyes and slender frames.
Then, one day, she stopped being just pretty. She started being beautiful. And he started being handsome.
She still invited him to her house, but not to eat biscuits but to share secrets of their bodies and swipe stolen kisses in her bed. They were seventeen and his life changed.
His daughter's name is Emeline.
"Merlin, if you're so tired, then go to sleep," Gaius says over dinner.
"But I'm hungry," Merlin moans.
"You're also tired. I'm sure your hunger will not haunt you in your sleep," Gaius says.
"Fine," Merlin puts his bowl down.
As he's starting towards his room, a knock is heard from the door. Gaius and Merlin exchange a cautious look, and his guardian looks to him with that glare, silently asking, what have you done now, Merlin?
But the young man merely shrugs. He's done nothing incriminating. Recently.
When Gaius opens the door, Merlin almost feels his exhaustion flying out the window because there's the smiling face of his mother.
"Mother!" Merlin smiles.
"Hunith, what are you doing here?" Gaius asks.
"Someone really wanted to see Merlin," Hunith enters the room, revealing a small figure holding her right hand.
She immediately lets go of the grip and comes running towards Merlin. Merlin, in anticipation, crouches down and opens his arms wide to welcome the embrace. The girl is no older than four years of age, with dirty blonde hair and blue eyes and she positively melts in Merlin's arms.
Merlin sighs with happiness and says, "I missed you, Em."
The girl, Em, grips tighter onto Merlin. "I missed you, too, Daddy."
Merlin places his daughter in his bed and watches admiringly as she falls asleep without a sound, tucked around his blankets and arm around the ratty soft toy Will had made her.
She's refused to be without it since she got it, and even more so when Will died, so Merlin says nothing about it. He goes out and sees Gaius and his mother conversing in hushed tones.
"So, Mother, what are you doing here? You've never had any occasion to bring Emeline to Camelot before," Merlin sits down. "Not that I'm complaining. Ellyn only lets me see her a few days every other month."
"It's about Ellyn, Merlin," Hunith says. Her eyebrows knit together and her eyes speak of sympathy.
"What happened?"
"Ellyn's sick, Merlin. Very sick. She's no longer capable of taking care of Emeline. She says she doesn't have long to live, and she wanted her daughter to be somewhere safe, with someone she could trust when..."
"Can't she be cured? Can't I cure her?" Merlin asks, his voice cracking.
He and Ellyn might not be together anymore but he still cares deeply for her, and she is the mother of his child. There would be nothing short of anything he would not do for her.
"Merlin, no," Hunith says, holding his hand. "There's nothing more you can do for her. She's accepted it, you should, too."
"Emeline needs her mother," Merlin shakes his head in disbelief.
"Yes, but she also needs her father," Gaius puts a comforting hand on his ward's back. Merlin turns back and sees the small silhouette of his daughter and sighs.
"I dunno if I can do this," he says.
"You have us," Gaius says.
"Yes, and if you are ever overwhelmed, Emeline is always welcome back at Ealdor and she can stay with me," his mother says comfortingly.
He meets her eyes, and wonders about the day she found out she was pregnant, about the day Merlin was born, and how she felt. Did she feel like this? Did she wonder if she would be a good parent?
"It's going to be alright." This time, he believes her. For his daughter's sake, he believes her.
"Im the daimont you left in the dust,im the future you lost in the past,seems like i never compared would notice if i disappearYou stole the love that i saved from myself, and i watched you give it to somebody elseBut these scars,no longer i hide. I found the light you shut inside, wouldn't love me if you tried" Pini sings along while the public is clapping the hands.
"Am i still not good enoughAm i still not worth that much..im sorry for the way my life turned out,sorry for the smile im wearing nowGuess im still not good enough" Andy and me sing. We're not that nervous,we're getting used to this
"Does it burn,knowing i used all the pain. Does it hurt, knowing you're fuel to my flame. Dont look back,dont need your regrets, Thanks god you left my heart behind, wouldnt love me uf you tried" Kriti sings her lyrics, its her favorite part. Then Kriti,Arsi and pini sing the refren. And my part is after the second refren"Realize your course, cause i know my worth, these words you made are gone you ain't seen nothing yet. Your love wore thin and i never win, you want the best so sorry thats cleary not me, this is all i can be" i sing and then we sing in chour the last part of the song. This performance is incredible....
"And this was good enough by Trils "katy said as she gave us the award. We are a band, a girl band and our management is Tommy, we fight a lot with him because he's so annoying. He yells a lot and i can't support him. But we are stuck with him for three other years. We all write our songs but Arsi and Andrea are the bestiest. Me and pini, and Kriti can play the guitar.We dont have boyfriends, we don't really have time to find someone nice and caring like we want to. Well kriti has a boyfriend but he's a jerk with us. When he's with kriti he acts like he loves her and us but when kriti is not there he acts like an asshole. But we can't say this to her, we would break her heart. Anyway tonight we won the award like the 'best song'. We're so excited. I'm leaving my dream with my best friends and i love them so much. We re going in tour this year. We arr also friends with taylor swift and ariana grande. Ariana is so funny, taylor is loyal and understanding but no one can control her when she's angry , she has anger issues. She got hurt by harry styles from one direction in the past. We hate them so much, poor Taylor she isn't over harry yet she still writes songs about him but well she has a new boyfriend now and he loves her. So he can help her to forget harry that manwhore. Yeah i hate him and his friends. Just because they have million of fsns they think they're the king of the world! God they seem so big-headed.we're sitting in the same table with taylor,ariana and selena. We talk a bit about life and boyfriends. Selena told us how much she hates justin.Ariana broke up with sean and she tells ud about it.
"And the best video performance goes to one direction" katy said as i rolled my eyes so did kriti,andy,pini and arsi. "Again" i say annoyed"Like always" taylor sighs. We talk about them and kriti tells how much we hate these boys.
"Why Harry won't keep his eyes off of us" Ariana asks looking at them.
"Maybe he wants Taylor back" selena suggests
"Or maybe he's looking for his new victim" Arsi shouted and we laughed after seeing her face expression.
"Come on girls, he's not that bad" taylor says still laughing. We saw Tommy coming towards us.
"Girls i talked to One Direction managemeent and we decided that Arsi with Andrea are going to write a song for them" he explains and we look at him shocked. He's crazy right. Poor arsi and andy, i would never want to be them right now.
"I'm definitely  NOT doing this" andrea shouts in front of him. "Me neither" arsi says and beefore she could say more he cut her off "Girls, you're definitely DOING this okay. See you soon" he says and walks away. I can't believe this!!
Hi I'm Alex Purdy Ashley Purdy's little sister. I'm 19 and best friends with CC. he's always been there for me and he even helped me when he found out i cut when i was 17. I love him like a brother.But  Biersack is a whole different story. He hates me and i don't know why and i hate the fact I've always had a crush on him and i mean who wouldn't but why des he have to be such an ass. i always go on tour with ashley. i have one friend named jax. were not that good of friends but we hang out occasionally.  i have long blonde and white colored hair blue eyes and septum piercing. now lets go fight with andy shall we.
Nicoles pov.
"Do i look ok?" i ask smoothing my hair down.Diamond my best friend smiles,"You look great. Get in there." I sigh and get out of the car,"Thanks. Wish me luck."I get out the car and walk towards to huge glass building with the name.Gold.Shown above.I walk in through the clear glass doorand see a busy main entrance.I see women and men dressed in the blue and gold uniform walking around.The floor is glass marble,the walls are glass and and the decorarions and gorgeous.I exhale and walk to the front desk.*********Dylans pov.
"Dad, come on." i say slamming my hands on his desk,"One more advnce and i move out of your hair."My dad sighs,"I told you No. You never work. Why would i give you an advance? Get a job then we'll talk."I glare, angry."No way. Theres no jobs here in New York worth my time.""Then you'll never get an advance huh?" my dad grabs a folder and reads through it."Dad." i say slowly trying to keep my cool,"You own a 700 billion doller company. Is it so hard to ask for a 300 doller advance?""yes." he anwers,"Now. Get out and find a job. I offered you a job here and you always refuse. Always know...the door is open for you. Now a meeting and i need you to do one simple job.""What?" i spit out roughly."Theres a new intern coming anf i need you to just tell her to orangize these files." he points to a stack on his desk,"Thats it. Tell her im sorry for not being able to meet her and i will soon. Can you do that?"I sigh,"Yeah. Will you pay me?"My dad slaps a 20 on the desk,"God dammit Dylan."And with that he walks out upset.*********Nicoles pov.
"Hi, im Nicole. Im the new Intern for Mr.Gold." i say to the lady at the front.She looks at her apple computer and says,"Okay. Mr.Gold is at a meeting but his son is up there and he'll give you the whole introduction for today. Just wear this..." She hands me a small rectangular gold pin that has my name printed in cursive black ink.Wow. Nice.I take it and pin it on."Mr.Golds room in on the 60th floor."I nod,"Thanks."I blush as i walk away and enter into to the elevator.Even the elevator is nice and clean.Once i reach the 60th floor im the only one in the elevator.Oh god.Here i go.About to meet the CEO's son. Even that is nerve racking.I walk out and find two wooden double doors are the only thing on this floor.I guess thats it.I walk slowly over and knock on the doors.
"Come in!" a deep,strong voice booms.I open the door and stare in awe.The floor is glass, and a whole wall is dedicated to just a huge window that allows you to see the beautiful city of New York."And you are?"I look to see a young handsome boy sitting at a desk, with his feet crossed on the desk.I swallow."I-im Nicole."He raises and Eyebrow,"And?""And im the New Intern for Mr.Gold."He stays looking at me with a poker face.I have no idea what he's thinking.Its an awkward 3 minutes before he gets up."My dads in a meeting. Im his son...and while your here...why dont you tell me about you."he gives an evil smile.I blush and walk towards him.I take a seat in A white leather chair and i look down,"Like uh- uh what do you wanna know?""Bra size...G-string size."I look up at him wondering if hes serious.He has A dead serious face on.I scoff with laughter,"Are you kidding?""No, im not." he says simply.I blush and look away confused and upset he would ask such rude questions."I asked you a question." he demands.I look up almost like a dog snaps at a comand.I swallow,nervous."Can you all of a sudden not talk?" he snaps.I clear my throat,"I-i can talk."He nods,"Well thank god for that.." he says with deep sarcasm."Whats your Bra size?" he asks again.I look down, so scared he gonna slap me,"32D."He laughs,"Damn! Most of your fat goes there huh?"I say nothing." Why are you quiet?" he says," I dont bite...well,.in bed i might."I shiver and dare look up at his ice blue eyes.A door opens and i turn to see who it is.Mr.Gold.Thank god.I stand up quickly."Hey dad." the son says,"Your intern just got here. I was about to tell her to sort the files but you walked in."What a fucking liar."Well hello there." Mr.Gold smiles,"Im Josh Gold. Call me Mr.Gold. You've met my son." he smiles walking to his desk.Yea i have." Dyaln, say bye Ms. Nicole Widle. You two wont be seeing each other soon." Mr.Gold smiles winking at me.I smile, he must know his son an ass to.Dylan walks over with a sly smile on his face.He grabs my hand which scares me beyond life.He kisses hand slowly tracing his tonuge around.He lets my hand go and whispers so quiet even his farther cant hear,"We will, be seeing each other soon.very soon."Oh god.Someone help me.
"Can you adjust the lighting before we start Hannah?" Last minute preparations suck, I can tell you that first hand, especially when it's a photoshoot and you're the photographer. Being a model would be much easier in my opinion."Don't worry Alls, it'll all be fine!" How can I not worry? If I mess this up then my whole career would be over.Oh, sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Allie Swan and I'm a twenty-five year old famous photographer. A bit too young? I'll agree but my passion is quite old. I've been into photography since I was six years old. In my childhood, I would use my dad's second hand camera to capture pictures of trees. Many of them turned out to be master pieces, I'll let you know that."Allie!" I turn around to find myself face to face with the designer of Gucci."Oh my, Rhonda! I'm sorry, things are running a bit late." She chuckles."Not a problem! My models need a little time before they can pose for the cameras anyways. You work too hard honey, go find someone to have fun with." Fun?! Not in my lifetime. I have devoted myself to one thing only and that is photography.I don't believe in love or marriage for that fact. I've seen my mother suffer through the stages of a divorce. Men disgust me. My sister wasn't very lucky either, she got a divorce after only two months. I guess... it runs in the family."Oh Rhonda, guys are just a one-night stand, I'd rather focus on my career.""You've been a photographer for seven years now sweetie! How much longer are you going to wait?" I can't believe I'm having this conversation again and with the designer of Gucci too!"Not this conversation again... Hannah, you better fix that blue light or I'm going to strangle you." I distract myself from the conversation by walking over to my camera desk. Cameras are like my first love! I have a whole collection of them.Vintage ones, antique ones and every other kind!"You can't ignore this conversation forever Al. You have to face the fact that it's time to get sett--""Don't say that word! I hate the idea of getting settled..." The words are shouted before I can take them back. Everyone in the studio is now staring at me."Everybody, go back to work!" Rhonda to the rescue."You didn't have to help me..." I mumble under my breath as I adjust my camera's brightness."I did." She flashes me a cute smile before walking away. I look at all the models around me, they're all looking gorgeous. They've got the ten on ten figure and perfect features for it as well.I'm just a clumsy little girl. I have brown long hair with bangs on the top and blue eyes. My nose is crooked from the end and I have a five on ten figure. I could never rock one of those dresses."Allie Swan, right?" I look up to find a beautiful girl looking at me. She has beautiful blonde waves and plump red lips covered in Cherry gloss. She has a buttoned nose and mesmerizing green eyes."Y-yes ma'am." She chuckles when I supposedly call her "ma'am.""No formalities needed honey." She flips her hair and smiles at me."I see.""You know, I want to offer you a modeling job." She flashes a grin at me. Me and modeling? No way Jose, I prefer being the one with the camera magic."I don't really think so. I'm more comfortable working with the camera.""Does Allie Swan lack self-esteem?" She's basically smirking at me with her glamorous eyes. I realize if the most amazing model in this industry has offered me this job then I really must be something."What would you rate my figure Tasha?" I ask her awkwardly. How more stupid could I be?"Eleven on ten honey! You've got amazing curves but you need to show them off. Go low on the coverage." She winks at me."Well then, I'll show you how much self-esteem I have. When's this shoot?" She giggles and advances her hand for some shaking. I return the gesture."It's at Gucci's official studio downtown. Meet me there at eight am." I nod as she sashays away. What have I gotten myself into?***I walk over to the studio dressed in a red body-con dress and red velvet heels. The size of the studio doesn't exactly impress me, being a famous photographer, I've seen better. "Hey, you didn't wussy out of this!" I find myself face to face with Tasha, the same model I was having a conversation with yesterday."Not really, I had to prove myself." I reply flipping my, now, straightened hair."I'll have to say, you look better than me.""Thanks." I sashay past her into the office. Hey, she was the one to question my self-esteem.***I enter the studio to find myself surrounded by a group of famous models. Everywhere I look, I find myself face to face with a glamorous girl with a stunning body figure and features. I gulp nervously and walk over to one of them. "Hey, I'm Allie Swan." She just stares at me with a look of disbelief in her eyes."Silly, I know who you are. Who wouldn't? You're a world famous photographer but I wouldn't believe it if anyone told me you started modeling.""Well, not really. Tasha just brought it up casually and I decide to take her up on the offer.""You're lucky, Tasha doesn't offer many people. You must be something special." "Thanks." I walk over to a group of models."Hi." "Allie Swan? Oh my gosh, your going to model with us?" One of them shrieks in her high-pitched noise."Yeah, just decided to give it a try?" The other model smirks."You don't just fling shoots like this honey, you need talent." One of them nudges her."Ignore Alexia, she's hard core. I think you have the body and features for it. By the way, I'm Sandy." I flash her a smile as a thank you."I'm Lola and I love the color pink!" Replies the girl with the high-pitched voice."Nice to meet you all." Before I can have a solid conversation, an announcement is made."All models are requested to fill into the dressing rooms and get their makeup checked." Everyone rushes into a room with a star on it, I make a hunch and enter the same room.***I walk into the room and take a seat. A little while later, I'm surrounded by a group of young girls with all kinds of cosmetics. They slither some gloss onto my lips and dab my face with Mac. They carefully set my eyelashes and add some eyeshadow to my eyes. They walk away giggling to another model after some time. I must say, I look glamorous. Tasha was right, I have the ten on ten curves for modeling. With the makeup, I look even more stunning.I walk over to where the shoot is taking place and notice something. Basically, I notice the photographer. Cameron LeBlanc, the reason I started photography."Oh my God. Mr. LeBlanc, is it really you?" He looks up with a silly smirk on his face."Oui madam et who might you be?" I blush."Well right now... I'm just one of these models. Outside this studio, I'm a photographer." He scans my face for a second and then goes to my dress."You are Allie Swan, right?" He speaks in a tone of shock."Oui." I nod in enthusiasm. How would you feel if your Senpai noticed you? Like you've just been transported to cloud nine, right? That's exactly how I felt!"I love you work darling! It's an inspiration to artists all around the world." He flashes me a smile and goes back to his work. I walk over to the stage and decide to fix my hair before the shoot starts.Tasha walks up to me and takes the place next to me."I decided you could have your first shoot with me." She grins at me."My pleasure Tasha." I grin back at her and we both end up giggling. "Okay ladies! Enough chit-chat, now pose for the camera and give me something fierce." Cameron says clapping his hands around. I blow a kiss for a camera while Tasha primps. Suddenly, I feel a slight confidence boost. After a few more poses, the shoot is over."Excellent work Al! You rocked that shoot." Suddenly I am bombarded with compliments but my attention is only set to one person.The boy chatting with Cameron LeBlanc.***A/N: There it is! The first chapter of my new story, "Picture to my heart." I am currently working on the next part of "You and I." It's going to be a bit late since I still have to write 2000 more words.The thing with this story is I can write as much as I want. I, myself, developed a sudden interest for photography this summer. I'm actually saving up to buy a Olympus 35 RC or Nikon FM10. I know, they're pretty cheap ones. My parents don't want to let me buy something too professional in case I drop this hobby like all the others. Until, I have enough money... I have to make do with a Sony mini-camera. It sucks!Anyways, I hope you guys like this chapter and if you want more, tell me in the comments.Bye!
High school, you know all fun and games, meet new people, point out who's the assholes are and who are the people you belong around. The first day of Freshman year seems terrifying! Which it is! You are in a new place, there are new people. You find out all your classes you have and see who you know from middle school. You meet your teachers, either they're assholes or they're really great and nice. I've had both. There are so many things to talk about that your experience during Freshman year. Then there is Sophomore year, Junior year, and finally Senior year. That's the year everyone says is suppose to be fun, however there are more things to do then you think. But really it's a crazy year.  You get more homework then ever! Some teachers you might get actually help you along your way with everything, if you get lucky enough. You will be scared out of your mind, wondering if you're going to graduate or not. You will see all the drama around all four years. Sometimes the drama jumps into your life, however it's just high school drama. And sometimes you develop habits like: drinking, smoking, or getting in to bad habits just for fun. The last year of your high school will start to slowly change. One day you look back at the other three years and see all the differences. How you dressed, how you looked, from who your friends were, and how your friends are now. You look back relationships you've had that didn't ever really last long and realize you were never in love. It wasn't ever a mistake you made in your life either. It was just a step up to where life is taking you. Everything you went through in high school was just a big step up to where life is taking you. After those four years of your teenage life, you're real life begins. You walk the stage to get your diploma and walk away. As your family and friends gather around you and celebrate; in the back of your head you are scared and wondering "What happens next? Where will life take me now?" So many things go through your head. Well at least that was just me. But I'm sure my friends and boyfriend felt the same way right? Yes, high school was great, but not all of it, sadly. It was very rough for me, however the end of Senior year it was it couldn't have been better than I thought, also stressful. I finally got with someone that will make me happy and I can be myself with forever. Even though I've known him for a quite some time before we started dating, but hey we ending up being together. Things started to fall in place for me, rather slowly. The way I wished it would. Words can't explain the things that happened and how life started to fall in place for me; it was amazing and it still is. Of course a lot has happened in high school, but that's all over now. And of course the worlds a scary place, but you can do it, we all can. Just don't ever doubt yourself and keep your head up high, forget about all the negativity like drama and stupid things and smile even if you have to fake it. It will be easier for you in high school, trust me. Oh and one more thing, NEVER give up on yourself, even in life because you're worth the world, trust me.
Addison
I'm housesitting with my little sister Lily. That's why I invited Jason, Nicole, Roman, and Katrina over for lunch. I made spring rolls, their favourite. My parents are gone on a cruise and my older brother Jackson is gone camping with his friends.
'Ding dong.' They're here! Before I got to the door, Lily ran to it and tugged it open. Jason strutted in, planting a small kiss on my cheek as he came in. Nici and Rina skipped over to me, hugging me. Roman just waved his hand as giving me a smile. Ma squad's all here. We dug into lunch like feral dogs, which we kinda are, and then, suddenly, the door burst open, and three guys walked in. The one in the middle eyed me, and runs over. Before he can get me, Jason jumps in front of me.
"Step away from the lady and no one will be harmed." Mystery man's voice was smooth and calm, as if he didn't just barge in on a group of teen wolves eating lunch and conversing.
Jason growled, and when he spoke his voice sounded more powerful and deep. "I believe that the 'lady' has a name, and that she isn't going anywhere until you get out of her house you imbecile." "He's right, dude. Oh and, the name's Addison. And you better leave before Alpha Jason Blakk here goes all ape shit on you." The man looked shocked, and he looked between Jason and I. "Wait... you're Jason Blakk? The ruthless killer who kills any rogue that crosses his or his pack's path? The youngest Alpha to be initiated? You??"
"Yup, and I don't think of myself as a ruthless killer. I have a heart. I only kill the rogues to rid of their wrong doing, not for the fun of it. In fact, most of the rumours you've possibly heard are fake. Plus, I'll go to any extent to protect my little mate." The mystery man clicked a little button, and a ton of other guys jumped out of the shadows. "Your mate?? Addison Vale is my rightful mate." "Is not. Ok Addison go run to the car, with Nici, Rina, and Lily. Roman will come too, I'll be there in a sec." "No Jason. I'm not leaving you here by yourself." "Go NOW Addison!" She whimpered, grabbing Lily's hand and pulling her outside, my wolf's voice dripping into that of my own.
Rihanna
I was sitting on a table on my phone.All of a sudden one of my workers Keyonna comes walking in mad holding money."Wassup?" I asked her and she placed the money in my hand.
"Lola is playing with our money" she said and I started counting the money."Bring that bitch in" I said angry.
This the same girl that keeps playing with our money.I let her slide twice now it's over for her.
Keyonna had Lola by the arm pushing her toward me.I got off the table and grabbed her face making her look at me.
She had tears running down her cheeks.
"Lola where's the rest of my money?" I said calm."I-I don't have it" she said.I took a deep breathe in and out.
"Lola this the second time What I told you was gonna happen next if you don't got it?" I said and she started crying more.
"Times up" I said pulling my gun out hitting her upside her head with it.She hit the ground crying more.
She had blood on the side of her head.
I placed the gun on her temple with no remorse for what I was about to do."Don't play with my money" I said shooting her.
Rita
I laid in bed and heard a loud noise coming from downstairs.I got up running downstairs to see the place all messy with my mother laying down."Mommy you okay?" I asked helping her up from the floor.
I could smell alcohol  on her breath.She nodded and looked at me angry.Just then she slapped me in the face.I held my face in pain wanting to cry but didn't cause I didn't want her to see me cry.
"Clean this place up!" She yelled at me as she walked the front door slamming it leaving me.I stood up wiping my tear and started cleaning.
I hate how I'm always being treated.She always brings some guy home then the night end up with them fighting and me left to clean up the mess.
Once I finished cleaning.I did my hygiene stuff and put on my pajamas.I laid in bed and started thinking about life.
All I want is to be loved.
James Potter, The leader. Sirius Black, the funny best friend. Remus Lupin, the nerd. Peter Pettigew, the tag along. Lily Evans, the know-it-all. Zaria Davidson, the one who has real courage. These are the heroes of our story.
Our story begins at a wizarding school in England. This particular wizarding school is very famous, for it was the greatest in all the land. The school was known as Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Now, our heroes weren't always friends. They were mostly separated. It started out with just the four boys, then lily tagged along. Our story will include difficulty and stress between these six. Not only will they become friends, but some of them will become something more.
"Sirius, wake up!" James Potter was trying to wake his best friend, Sirius Black, so they could cause mischief. You may ask, why do they do this? Because mischief is their middle names.
Eventually Sirius woke up and was immediately dragged under James' Invisibility cloak. James dragged poor Sirius through the portrait hole and down to the dungeons.
"Prongs, why are we going to the dungeons?" Sirius asked. James looked at Sirius as if he should know. When he didn' get an answer he mumbled "Zaria"
Sirius and James could hear voices. When they could hear them clearly, they stopped and leaned against the wall.
"A-and you won't tell anyone?" It was a boys voice. One they could not recognize.
"No Charles. I won't tell anyone. I promise."
They heard footsteps getting louder. They smashed themselves against the wall even more. Soon enough, Zaria and a first year boy walked by. Zaria stopped.
"You head back to the common room. I'll meet you there." The boy, Charles, nodded and walked off. Zaria turned and walked the way she had came. The boys followed behind her quietly. She turned a corner and headed up the stairs. Eventually they ended up at the kitchens.
" Why do you think she's goin' to the kitchens mate?" Sirius said.
"She's not. Look." James was right. For Zaria passed the kitchens  and opened a portrait to reveal a secret tunnel. Zaria climbed into it and the boys followed. They heard voices again.
"So, my dear Zaria, you are late. Where have you been?" It was a voice they both recognized as Sirius' cousin. Narcissa Black.
"I had to help the first year Charles. He was out at night and got lost. Sorry." Zaria actually sounded like she was a nice person. But both James and Sirius knew she was not.
"You were supposed to be here at midnight! You filthy little-"
"Watch it Bellatrix. I brought some friends though." Zaria turned and pulled off the invisibility cloak so that they could now see the boys.
"Oh what pleasure! My dear cousin and his little friend!" Bellatrix said.
"Why are they here?" Andromeda Black asked.
"They followed me. So I decided to give them a little treat." Zaria had a sly grin on her face.
"What is wrong with you? What did we ever do to you?!" Sirius yelled at Zaria. Zaria grabbed is chin and forced him to look at her.
"That my dear Sirius, will be told when the time comes."
******
Hello! I have recently become obsessed with the marauders so I made this!!!!! Hope you like it. I actually made this specifically to enter it in the wattys, which I did!!!!! So enjoy it! I already am enjoying it!!!
Media is a pic of Zaria.
"Emma! Will you get down already we are going to be late!" I heard Cameron calling from downstairs.   I grunted and opened the door of my room. Don't get me wrong, I usually am a nice, witty and positive person. I must say, I find myself very humorous, especially when I am arguing or discussing with people. But something happened back in my previous high school that made me realize I had to stay away from all the other students. I hate drama and high school is full of it. So I will try to be the most unpopular girl this year, besides how hard will it be. After all, we got transferred to Padua High School with my brother, or at least that's what I thought it will be, before my bad reputation, a relationship and HE came in the way.   I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Emma James, I am a senior student and my brother, Cameron James, is a year younger than me. Our father is in the U.S. Army, so I help my mother a lot in the house, when he is gone. They are really the best parents, in my opinion, somehow a bit hippie with the way they take care of us. Which I love, because I can speak freely with them. Funny how my dad is that way, I know, but being in the army and being a father are two different things and dad realizes it.    So shortly this is me and my life. Now let me tell you how everything went NOT according to my plan.
As a kid, I had always imagined the future would be a wonderful place. A future full of laughter, happiness, and AWESOME inventions. That's what we all thought.  It started off the way we all imagined; scientists had found the universal cure, the cure that worked on every disease. Illness was eradicated, and celebration ensued. Not everything is perfect, though. There's always little holes, and sand in a bag will always find these holes and spill out. A new illness had surfaced, and this time there was no cure. It took us by surprise; Mother Nature had finally caught up. It was worse than anything we'd ever seen. As I sit here now, crying on my favorite park bench, I realize that behind all the glamour is a world where  there's no such thing as personality. Love, creativity, imagination, happiness. All gone. Stolen by the drainers. In all this mess, I've managed to hold on to my humanity. I'm all alone now...it's time I figured out how to dig myself out of this mess I'm in. All I know is that I can't give up. I can't give in. I can't let them take what's left of me. I need to find a cure before it's too late.---------------------------------------------DeterminationI can't give up I can't let go I can't fall down Or let my goals goI'm too determinedI'm too strong I trust my gut It's never been wrong After all this timeBeing stuck in this messI can't lose sight of what makes me the best I never lose sight of goals and dreamsEven after I'm dead, it seemsDead inside Dead in my heart Dead in my mind Dead-icated in making sure no one ends up like meFinding a cure is what matters nowThe depression's here, I CAN'T GIVE UP---------------------------------------------Author's note: Hey there! I'm so so sorry that I've barley written anything in the past half a year! I'm so disappointed in myself because I quit writing but this time I'm gonna try my best to not quit. I've decided to start over with a new story that (in a way) symbolizes my loss of imagination during the past six months. Do you like my poem at the end? I'm thinking of putting emotion poems at the end of each chapter. Let me know what you think. I'll be back soon (I PROMISE!!) 😛
I was alone,All alone he had just left me he had just said "we're through". What did I do to you I thought for five years I had loved you kissed you pleased you and at age 23 he decided to leave me. Please like I need you.
Stormy POV
Today is my birthday!!! I finally turn into to my wolf! Sorry my name is Stormy Tulip Anderson and I am turning 17. I woke up and stripped down and got in the shower. I wash my body and shaved everywhere. I hop out the shower and grabbed my dark blue lace bra and my matching panties. I put them on and grabbed a black crop top and some floral shorts and I put those on. I put red lipstick and mascara then I grabbed my black combat boots and my phone. I went downstairs to see my mom wasn't there but on the table was a note.
Sorry honey, I was late but happy birthday I won't be home tonight so here is some money.Love,Mom
Of course, as always. I took a banana and walked out the door. I got into my jeep and went to pick up my BFF, Lena. We have been friends since we were in diapers. I parked up on the driveway and texted her.
Lea out on the driveway - StormyI will be there in a minute - Lena I put my phone away and she came out the door. She got into the car and hugged me. "Happy birthday BFF" Lea giggled. "Thanks" I said. I drove us to school and parked into our regular parking spot. We got out and walked into the school and getting some "hey's and hi's" from the guys and girls. We walked to our lockers and when we went I smelt this most amazing smell. "Hey Stormy what's wrong" Lea asked worried. " I think I just found my mate" I said excited. So I followed to smell him, Marcus Fay.
(Dans POV)I have been having strange dreams since about a year ago. I have been having them ever since I played with the Sprit Board.
MEMORY
"I'm bored" PJ said "Well children, we are out in the wilderness for a class trip there are PLENTY of things for you to do" My boring grade 10 teacher had said as she left the boys cabin"Ok why don't we go in the forest?" Chris had said with a lot of excitement "Sounds good" Said Phil my best friend They started walking in the forest and then Chris ran up ahead so all of us followed after."Oi lads I found a Sprit Board!" Chris called back to us"Cool" I had said sarcastically"Should we try it?" PJ questioned"I don't know maybe it's dangerous" Phil said "C'mon lets do it!" Chris said enthusiastically "Fine" Phil said sounding a bit frightened"Ok why not?" I said PRESENT DAYMan, was Phil right if it wasn't for that Sprit Board he wouldn't have died 2 weeks later. The doctors said he committed suicide but I don't believe that bullshit. He always told me if something was going on, and lately my dreams would have been something I would have told him... Because they were about him... They were about they Cutest 16 year old boy I have ever laid my eyes on. What pulled me out of these thoughts was my mom softly entering my room"Dinners ready love" my mom said quietly she was always had the softest voice and I loved it. She had only raised it when I told her I was gay she was so happy that I was honest and open with her she raised her voice. "Alright" I said as I followed her out of my room and closed the door softly.
Hi this is my first time writing a book I would love feedback thanks so much!
Andi: *turns on camera* sup?Lela: oh so exciting! I have a blog with Bree, three ask books with people and now this!Andi: I just got thisLela: well you should make an ask book with someone!Andi: sure Both: bye! *turns off camera*
Isabella POV:
Today is my last day to spend time with my family before my first love, ex- boyfriend, best friend and fellow country singer Jasper Whitlock travel to Europe for our upcoming concert tour, where we will be releasing our newest debut albums together.
We will be gone for exactly six months on the dot. This morning my husband James called the girls' school ta let them them know that we would be keeping them home from school so they could spend the day with their mama before I take off for my tour.
And tonight he will be taking me out to dinner for a romantic night out on the town, I sigh, while looking out my bedroom window with a dreamy look on my face!I will admit that I'm super excited to go and can't wait till we leave cuz I know I'm gonna be with Jasper having the time of my life, but at the same time I will definitely miss my dear sweet husband and two precious daughters, sighs thoughtfully!
(Five minutes later)
Mama, mama can you you make us a special breakfast this morning pretty please? My daughter's Scarlett and Sophie asked excitedly as they came barreling into my room, jumping on me!Of course I can make you little ladies a special breakfast, I exclaimed joyfully! What do my precious little angels want this morning, I asked asked hugging them both, while ruffling their hair, causing them to giggle!
We want chocolate chip pancakes with bacon and hash browns please, they said with matching grins! Your wish is my command! I said, laughing and with that I swept both girls up in my arms and carried them downstairs, setting them down at Island counter in the middle of my kitchen. After setting the girls on the counter I quickly set to work making pancakes.
A couple minutes later I heard crying so turned to the girls and noticed my little angels crying, so I quietly stopped mixing the batter, walked over, wrapped my arms around my sweet little girls, so that I was holding them both in my arms. Then I started singing their lullaby as I ran my fingers through their hair to help soothe them.
(Listen to Baby Mine By: Alison Kraus)
Baby mine, don't you cry.Baby mine, dry your eyes.Rest your head close to my heart,Never to part,Baby of mine.
Little one when you play,Don't you mind what they say.Let those eyes sparkle and shine,Never a tear,Baby of mine.
If they knew sweet little you,They'd end up loving you too.All those same people who scold youWhat they'd give just for the right to hold you.
From your head down to your toes,You're not much, goodness knows.But you're so precious to me,Sweet as can be,Baby of mine.
All those same people who scold you,What they'd give just for the right to hold you.
From your head down to your toesYou're not much, goodness knows.But you're so precious to me,Sweet as can be,Baby of mine.Baby of mine!
When I got to the middle of the song the girls had stopped crying and were listening to the sound of my voice as I continue singing the rest of the song.As soon as I finished singing, I looked at the girls and asked why the tears my little angels? My sweet girls just looked up at me with their bright blue eyes, as Zoey asked do you really have to go away for six months mommy? Yes I do sweetheart, but I promise I will be back ok I promise, I said with tears in my eyes!
Why mommy why, can't you and Jasper just take us kids with you guys Scarlett asked me? Yeah, besides we don't even wanna stay here with daddy and the boys don't wanna stay with Victoria, Zoey said quietly!
I just looked at them a couple of minutes and asked why don't you and the boys wanna stay with daddy and Victoria I asked frowning?Because they are always mean to us when you and Jasper aren't here Scarlett replied back quietly.
What do you mean they are always mean to you what do they do to you hunny bunny I exclaimed already feeling exasperated! Just than my phone started ringing off the hook so I picked it up off the counter and answered it without looking at the caller ID , hello Bella here may I ask who's calling please?
Bella hey it's Jasper, can me and the boys come over we've got a situation and I need to talk to you ASAP he said explaining the reason for his call. It's ok Jazz y'all can come on over its fine and the girls were just telling me the same thing so, your right we need to talk Now I exclaimed my voice laced with worry!
Authors note: So here's the first chapter I hope you all liked it Anyway I wonder what Zoey and Scarlett meant when they told Bella that James and Victoria are always mean to them whenever her and Jasper are gone? Read, comment and vote to find out more!!!!!!!! Heehee -FeliciaMaas1990-
"Clarissa Fray!" My mother angrily calls. A sigh escapes my mouth and I slug out of my warm bed. The minute my feet hit the cold ground, I miss the covers. My feet carry me down the hallway, even though my mind is screaming bed.
"What?" I ask when I see her behind the stove.
"Simon called eight times. He even texted me a dozen times. You need to call him back!" She exclaims and hands me a plate of food.
"Why didn't you tell him I was sleeping?" I groan.
"He said that it was urgent." she replies with a pointed look. I huff and set the plate back down.
"You should call him before he shows up here. Jocelyn would have a fit." Luke pitches in. Luke is my moms friend, I've always suspected that they had something more, I mean the man is always at my house. But she won't admit it. He's been in my life for as long as I can remember.
"I'll call him." I state and go back to my room. I close the door, then grab my cellphone and dial his number.
"Clary!" He sighs in relief.
"Hey simon." I mumble and lay back down.
"I need you to come to Java Jones. Eric is doing the morning poetry slam and I can't go through that alone again." he states.
"Simon, you woke me up to get me to go listen to some lame poetry?" I huff.
"Newsflash, sleeping beauty, it's nine am. Time to get up, and get dressed. I'll be at your door in ten minutes." he replies and the line goes dead. I glare at the phone but climb back out of bed and go to my closet.
I throw on a simple pair of jeans and a colorful shirt. I put a plaid shirt over it, to keep myself warm from the cold New York air, then slip my feet into brown boots.
My flaming red hair gets thrown into a ponytail. Not bothering to put makeup on, I rush out of my room. The doorbell rings and I grab my bag off of the hook by the door.
"Be home by noon." My mom calls.
"Okay!" I reply and leave the apartment. Simon stands in front of me. His brown hair is shaggier than ever and it looks like he just climbed out of bed and threw a clean pair of clothes on. Not that I'm judging, I did that very thing.
"Ready?" He asks.
"Yea, lets get this over with." I reply. He chuckles and we leave the building. The cold air immediately gets to me and I shiver. We jog across the street, luckily there's no traffic at this time, then we begin walking down the long street.
"I forgot to tell you something." he states.
"What?" I curiously ask.
"Happy birthday!" He excitedly exclaims. My nose scrunches up and he frowns.
"I told you not to remind me! I don't like celebrating!" I exclaim and slap his chest.
"It's your birthday, you have to celebrate... Here, open this." he says and hands me a small bag.
"Simon-""Open it." he interrupts.
"I'll open it when we get inside." I reply and we begin pushing our way through the crowded street. He grabs my hand to keep from loosing me, then somehow gets us inside the small coffee shoppe.
"I'll get the drinks, do you want to find us a table?" He asks.
"Yea." I reply and trail through the crowded area. I get to the farther back and take the first table I see. When I sit down I peak into the gift bag. There's a small ring box inside. So I take it out and open it. A silver band sits inside. It has a ruby red birthstone, my birthstone, sitting on top of it. It's beautiful.
I look up at Simon to see him waiting for the coffees. A girl with blonde hair is standing next to him. She's chatting with him, but his eyes stay with mine. My mouth turns up in a smile and i slip the ring on. He soon comes back with two hot coffees. He places one in front of me, then sits across from me.
"Thank you. For the ring, it's beautiful." I state with a smile.
"No problem. It's your birthday after all." he replies. I roll my eyes and take a sip of my coffee.
"Now tell me, why didn't you ask that girl out?" I question.
"What girl?" He asks.
"The one standing next to you in line? She was totally checking you out!" I reply.
"I'm saving myself for someone else. It wouldn't be fair." he shrugs.
"Who? I know all of your friends, because they happen to be my friends too. So who are you saving yourself for?" I ask.
"It doesn't matter." he replies just as the first poet climbs on the small stage.
"Get your ass you of this fucking house!" My so called father kept screaming at me so I grabbed my shit I packed from the night before knowing I won't come back. I had my pocket stuffed with my chargers then snuck into my dads room grabbing the food stamps card, credit card, and some cash and the last of my cigarettes he had of mine and hid the stuff then walked out the door. I saw my little brother holding my long board he knew me and my "father" would fight for the last time. I couldn't take getting hit any more. I put on my back backpack taking the soda and water my brother handed me with my lighter. I held a cigarette in my mouth and lit it putting the lighter in my hoodie pocket. I went in the road and started to long board away I wasn't sure where I was going but I always wanted to go to London.
For what felt like days it's only been 8 hours then I accidentally ran into this girl I put my log broad in my backpack and helped her "I'm sorry I ran into you, I'm Jake, I would love to get your name." I saw her leg was bleeding and I grabbed a bandaid and put it over her cut. "It's fine my names Tara..." I heard a soft voice call. One I heard the sound of her voice I was in love with her and she looked stunning. "Are you sure you're not hurt?" I managed to ask. "I'm sure Jake." She started to blush and that made me smile. "So where are you going I'll walk with you so nothing bad happens to a pretty princess like you." She kept blushing and I smiled more. "I'm just on my way home but if you can walk me." she sounded happy to hear. I held out my hand to her hoping she'd grab it. I was only okay with this cause she looked my age. She grabbed my hand softly like an angel would not saying she couldn't be one. "So can I take you to dinner pick a place you want. I'll pay my treat." She stood there to think about it I found it adorable that she had to thing about it. "Only if we and go to Olive Garden." We smiled at each other like she read my mind.
"Both for two I'll take it?" Asked the waiter as he walked us to our candle lit booth away from all the people. Tara asked to switch spots because her back her and all I did was nod the she got up and sat really close to me so I put my arm around her. "Awe that's a cut couple." Said groups of people glancing at us and I smiled brightly as Tara blushed. Five seconds before our drinks came Tara's head was on my shoulder. I think she only did it to make the people happy.
Mitch rolled out of bed, stretching his arms above his head. After nearly an hour of getting dressed and ready for work, Mitch was down stairs and in the kitchen. "Good morning," Mitch said as he walked past his parents. "You're up early." His mother said, smiling over her coffee. "First day of work," Mitch said, grinning wide. He poured himself a cup of coffee and reached over his father's shoulder. He took the piece of toast and smiled. "Wish me luck!" "Be careful, Mitchie." He heard his father say. "There's supposed to be a storm today. A big one." "Yessir," Mitch called, pulling his shoes on. "I mean it, if it's too bad to drive, pull over. Got it?" "Yessir," Mitch playfully saluted him and earned an eye roll. "I'll be careful. Don't worry." He hugged his mother and patted his dad's shoulder. "I'll see you guys for dinner. I'll try not to be late." "You better not be," his mom said as she handed him his keys. "I'm making lasagna. The new neighbors that moved in down the street are coming over for dinner." "Yes ma'am," he smiled again and walked out to his car. He sat in and checked his hair before starting his car and pulling into the street.
"Oh.. shit." Mitch looked up through his windshield to see the darkening sky. "Not now, not now. Fuck me." He tapped the wheel impatiently as he got stuck in traffic. "Screw this," he quickly jolted the wheel right and pulled off the road and onto the back roads.
Mitch slammed down on the breaks when a figure ran out in front of his car. "Fucking hell!" Mitch spun the wheel and tried to avoid the figure, only to feel his mind get heavy.
Mitch felt water hit his face and heard the sound of metal crushing together. His head slammed into the wheel as his car rolled over until it hit a pole. It felt like hours before Mitch pulled himself from his car. He looked up to see lightning bolt across the sky and he covered his head, feeling a warmth spread through his head. He pulled his hand away and looked down at it to see it covered in blood. "Oh shit," Mitch felt the environment around him slow to a halt before a warming sensation surrounded him.
There are 4 band members in the band 5 seconds of summer
"Hey I'm Samuel Hayden, but you can call me Sam."
His voice was electrifying. His dark blue eyes consumed me. I couldn't help myself but stare. His dirty blonde hair was fuzzy looking, and that nose... It was too cute.
He sent a shiver through my body. I knew he was different.
For hours we talked the first day. How he got his name, and how I got mine. Where we wanted to go in life and what our dreams were. Sam made me laugh and smile the whole time we talked. He sounded like a know-it-all, but I liked that. He knew what he wanted from life, and he knew he could win every argument. Sam amazed me, and I wondered for hours that night if he felt the same.
"Please!" The woman cried, begging the man. He was named Inta Kied, but that's not important. He was holding a knife and was absolutely wasted.
"Now now, gorgeous." He slurred. "I only wa--"
He coughed. Anger now showed in his eyes, seemingly random.
"Be quiet, or it'll be worse for you!" He shouted at the cowering woman. He grabbed her arm, jerking it roughly, making her cry out. "I said shut up!"
"Well that's no way to treat a lady." A girl in the shadows observed. The man whirled around, prepared to kill. The girl tutted.
"Now now. No need to get violent." She scolded. Inta scowled at the bothersome girl who had interrupted his 'game'. The girl smirked, even though Inta couldn't see it. She walked out of the shadows and Inta took a step back.
The girl had silver hair and blood red eyes. She wore a blue hoodie layered over a black shirt, jeans, and black boots with red laces. The smile she had on her face, paired with her eyes, which were glowing angrily, made her seem like a demon.
"W-what do you want?!" Inta growled, wondering why he was so scared of this girl. She narrowed her eyes, taking a step forward. He remembered. She was a superhero. One that was usually mentioned in the back of the papers for saving people from rape and murderers. In his fright, Inta had a clear thought.
Use the woman as a shield.
Inta grabbed the poor lady and held her to him, the knife at her neck.
"O-one more step and the lady gets it! I mean it!" He threatened. The hero gazed at them with sadness in her eyes. She sighed.
"Oh, I really hoped I wouldn't have to do this." She mourned. Inta stared in confusion as she reached for her boot. She drew out two silver daggers that were shaped like feathers. Inta gulped and pressed the knife into the woman's throat. She whimpered.
The heroine glared and darted forward, so fast that anyone with a speedometer would think a UFO had passed them. She'd disabled him, brought the lady to safety and had her own blade pressed to Inta's throat before he could blink. He was shocked. It must have shown, because the silver-haired demon chuckled.
"I'm afraid that you have one too many spots on your record, Inta Kied. The police don't want you anymore." She whispered into his ear, a low, menacing purr. "So, they've asked me to get rid of you if I caught you again. And I'm happy to comply."
Inta had time to shiver before his throat was slit. It was done expertly, not allowing one drop of blood on the heroine's jacket. She stared at the body coldly before going to the woman she'd rescued.
"You okay?" She asked, helping her up. The woman nodded. "Good."
The heroine walked over to Inta's body and took his money, all $287 of it. She put it in her pocket, planning on buying groceries.
"I-is there anyway I can repay you?" The woman asked, wringing her hands. The heroine smiled and shook her head.
"Just knowing I saved you from a horrible fate is payment enough." She promised. The woman smiled. The heroine walked down the alley to an open space. The woman seemed to notice that she was going to leave.
"Wait! What's your name?!" She cried out. The heroine smiled and took off in a flurry of silver feathers, leaving one word behind:
"Tenshi."
I sit there just looking at this girl sing and play the guitar while she gets the crowd behind her moving with her moderate paced rhythmic sway a long of the guitar as she played. I need to at least try to talk her into at least thinking about signing a contract the crowd was literally eating out of the palm of her hand. After her performance I try to walk back stage the new security guard won't let me. So I had to show him my I.d. It was a good thing that this time I had brought it with me this time. But not before I get a chance to tell her what I do for bands like her roadrunner records would fall in love with her voice.
I walk to the backstage area to see what was this woman's name nobody knew where she even came from and the word is that nobody knows her name. That part concerns me but I will soon find out her name as soon as the band leaves the backstage area and out of the door. Three hours later after the stage lights are off and the bar is closing down she leaves the dressing room. The entry way would be a normal leave to the night as anyone would be doing after they have just performed at the pinwheel bar hungry for more. The sudden stop was just a little intense but nothing out of the ordinary I interrupt her sudden walking I greet her with a tip of my fedora. How do you do my name is David Morris I am a contract signer looking for talent to bring to fame short sweet and to the point I am wondering if you're interested in a contract with roadrunner records.
It was then the girl in white asks the band to wait in the Van and take the instruments with you I need to speak with this person alone. So my friend you are with roadrunner records you say I kid you not My bosses want me to sign contracts for new bands looking to make a name for themselves. When I heard on stage tonight I immediately thought you would be perfect for an Eleven album contract. In which case are you interested in signing a contract with us for a studio album? She smiles at me good Lord even her smile fulfill my idea of a good natured woman.
Mind if we talk in the Micro bus she lightly laughs don't worry you won't be kidnapped or anything I usually like to business their. Oh uh okay oh god I love micro buses there just so awesome to drive and they have such a history with my favorite genre of people hippies. I love a little peace power My auntie was one, my brother is one, some my best friends are hippies. It's what made me get into the nasty and wild world of record contract signing. Rock and jazz music are just one of the things that is just like crack to me heavy metal, punk rock, electric rock, liquid metal, and deep house jazz are one of the things that just speak to me.
We made our way into the micro bus and just sat there as she rips this question: "So what made you so interested in our band Mr. Contract signer? Please don't say just the band!"
Me: well to be honest it's your voice that is just so powerful and the bassist played with a passion like fire and you on the guitar is just so fitting but your voice is better than any instrument that is why I'm interested.
She: Well you certainly have a way with words Mr....?
Me: Mr. David Morris is the name but you can call me David.
She: Well what if I told you to check out our next show in Manhattan what would you say then Mr. Morris.
Me: I'm there that is what I would say unless that wasn't an invite to hear you sing again.
She: believe that was an honest and I hope to see you in our next show Mr. David Morris and I hope to see you at Jamie's on Seventh St. In Manhattan your gonna love the show.
As I leave the micro bus feeling confident in myself I contact my bosses about what happened the conversation is as follows. Yo Faye I smile she doesn't know the embarrassment that she is about to receive over this phone.
Hey tomorrow will be the first time reviewing the band's next performance in Manhattan where are you at Faye?
Faye: already near the end of reviewing this heavy metal bands performance and I have got to say they sound aggressive.  So what about you what's with the sudden confidence of yours huh it's not like they picked me over you yet already didn't they?
Me: You know they love you the most right you know how self righteous they get over what you bring to the table.
Faye: Maybe it's because I'm a little bit more confident into what bars I go to on where I find talent.
Me: you know If you keep pushing my buttons you're going to push the wrong one.
Faye: You're just scared that I'm going to be first to put suggestions on the corporation admit it man it's just like a sudden plague washes over you.
Me: you've got a band to listen to and I gotta get some sleep to kill of a certain cherry daiquiri.
Faye: You're still hitting the sauce huh?
Me: That's because your a very mild over achiever hey I bet you don't even meditate like I do.
Faye: You're right because I despise meditation....
See what I tell ya about this soon to be big fish in a tiny pond I knew she had overachiever written all over her face.
Me: alright alright no more talking about meditation tell me somethin' what is the bands name now that you got me interested?
Faye: they mix thrash metal with hip-hop and it's just absolutely awesome I am already in love with their sound.
Me: You know I am really thinking about getting a new so that I can just block your father a second time.
Faye: oh god look I know you two don't get along with my family because their racist towards sudden ethnicities but they said it themselves they love you and they love it when you do your famous strawberry shortcakes. They just don't like most of the friends that we hang out with.
Me: because they are either from the Somoan islands, Mexico, Dominican Republic, Germany, England, or they're just country.
Faye: yeah speaking of that uh my F.Y.I. Daddy changed his freaking number again.
Me: what is the new number said is of I always thought it would be 666?
Faye: goodnight David.
Me: Goodnight Faye.
As the phone call I ends as soon as I try to walk safely to another street corner I see a mugging take place I fend for the man with beer bottle.
Me: hey yo Jackasses.
I threw it straight at them with the purpose of getting into a fight but it backfired as I hit a windshield of a Volkswagen golf. You would say that this would be my time to run to the moon to yeah about that mugging that took place It was a teenage girl and her clothes were stripped. Exposing everything that she had I guess you could say she's damaged goods now.
I drive the micro bus straight into a Harlem free parking garage as I see someone spray painting the walls in front of me and a child being kidnapped by somebody in a similar micro bus as ours. They do not deserve a micro bus like ours if all they're going to be doing is raping children.
I stay with the Brooklyn police department to tell them my story she was wearing a my chemical romance tee with black denim jeans her jacket were two different striped blues. One stripe was light as the other was navy blue see that is the thing about this world today it is so......
I get the number down of the pedophiles micro bus down on a piece of paper JIG 7789 you see I'm not your normal human being under this modern day disguise there are powers that I wield that are not human. For I am a fairy sent here to grant the chosen one David Morris a chance to partake of my powers. But if there is one I don't like about the world it is just so......
Both the girl in white and David: Ugly
****This was the First Chapter of the girl in white If you thought this was awesome it's about to get even better if you liked this chapter give it a vote and a comment and I will see you in the next chapter. Until then see ya later- David M. Morris****
Ally's POV
I woke up to the screeching of car tires. Great, it's probably just my drunk dad again getting back from his favorite bar. Quickly I get up and close the door, locking it. Listening quietly I heard my mother do the same. You never want to get in the way when my dad is drunk. It's like he loses every form of self control he has when he has had far beyond the legal drinking limit. Unfortunately his drinking problem has gotten a lot worst over the years. At first he would only go out once a week to get a drink with his buddies. Soon though it became two days a week and quickly escalated to almost every day of the week. Hearing my father turn on the TV I sigh this is going to be a rough night. Turning the sound up as loud as he can he begins to watch hockey his favorite sport, and let me say he gets quite into these games. A few minutes later I hear the sound of his rage echoing throughout the house. Suddenly I hear glass shattering and realize that he is probably flipping out and chucking furniture and throwing things all around. He does this almost every day so this isn't a surprise to me anymore. I learned pretty quickly to put all my valuable possessions in my room to hide them from him. Everything that's within his reach is in danger of being chucked against the wall or stomped on. Since he goes to the bar everyday he spends most of our money. And when he runs out of money and has to get some more to pay for his precious alcohol he scavenges throughout the house looking for things that he can get a pretty penny for. One time I lost my guitar signed by Ray Lamontagne because he took it to a pawn shop and sold it. I hate my father with every bone in my body. That's why my mom and I are planning to escape. When he is out at the bar we are going to pack our belongings and never look back, we are going to find our safe haven. I went to sleep with this comforting thought in my head. Only a few more days....

I drew this when I was with my cousin anikasofiagillego :)
It was a warm desert night. I was sitting here on the balcony of my house looking up at the stars. They're so pretty. Whenever I see them, I see Ashlee. But this time, it didn't make me smile. I'm ready. Ready to die. I don't have anything to live for anymore. I get up and jump off the balcony and roll when I land to absorb the fall. I walk to the gate in my yard and go through. I look out into the farmlands in front of me and I break into a sprint. I'm running away. I realized what I was doing after the fact that I did it. My backpack was tight on my shoulders as I ran. I ran for a good few miles and I stopped. I was in the city now. I sat against the wall of the towering office building above me. I was out of breath as I sat there and saw all of the dancing lights of the city. Everything went fuzzy and I got light headed. I sat there and took a short nap.
I woke up and I look for the moon. It's midnight. I quickly stood up and started walking. It was a busy night. People were everywhere and the traffic was horrible. Cars blaring their horns. People yelling into their cellphones so the person on the other end can hear them. I just kept walking through the cramped space of the sidewalk and found the subway station. I go down eh stairs and make a bee-line for the ticket machine. I get a ticket for the next city, then I go through the checkpoint. It was an old subway so there were no metal detectors. I walk up close to the subway tracks. The tracks across the way were under maintenance and was covers over by a tarp. I look around and slip past security to get behind the tarp where I could be alone.
I got behind the tarp an I'm sitting against the wall. I take off my backpack and take out three things; my razor, my gun, and my alcohol. I pick up the razor and put it to my wrist. I stare at the elegant sheen it has and I start to pull it across my skin. Ever so slowly so that I can really FEEL the pain. I move slightly further down my arm. I cut again slowly. I pull out the piece of leather I had in my backpack and bite on it as I cut. I cut 13 more times. Each one slower than the next and more jagged than the next. I stop and put the now bloody razor down and look at my arm. 15 large cuts cover my arm. I'm bleeding profusely and it shows no sign of stopping. I open the bottle of whiskey I had pulled out before and start drinking. I'm drinking the pain away. It's all I know how to do I help. I was always alone and never had anyone else... Nobody else but Ashlee. I pull it my phone and call her. The phone keeps ringing. I cut on my other arm for every one it rings. She doesn't answer, and I have 7 cuts on my other arm. They are bleeding even more. I call again, and continue to cut with the rings. 5 cuts and rings later, she answers. I start crying. She hears me crying now. I can hear her breathing, then de asks, "Where are you" I answer "In the subway with maintenance being done."She replies, "I'll be there in 5 minutes"
I hung up and I sat there waiting. I pull off my shirt, and I put the razor to my chest. I count every 30 seconds and cut tally marks on my chest until I began to see tiny black splotches in my vision. I have 10 tallies on my chest now. I see someone come through the tarp - It's Ashlee. I slump over and feel the cold concrete on the side of my body. A pool of blood accumulating under me. She sprints towards me and she kneels beside me and puts my head on her lap. I look up at her and stare at her beautiful face. She looks back down at me and smiles as her tears run down her face and drip onto my cheeks. I can't move anymore. Ashlee studies my cuts and looks back at my face. She cries even harder. Then she sees the gun by my now-empty bottle of whiskey. She puts the gun back into the backpack slowly and throws away the bottle. Then she pull out her phone and I black out. I can hear sirens. Then I hear yelling and running footsteps coming closer. I hear the voices of two men, the paramedics. I feel my head leave Ashlee's lap. I can hear her crying even harder now. I'm now on a stretcher and I'm moving out of the subway. I get put on a gerny and I get put in the ambulance. I hear Ashlee enter the back with me and she grabs my hand and holds it. Her tears drip off her cheeks and the fall onto my hand and run down my bloody arms. The paramedic gets to work on patching me up. When he finishes, Ashlee takes my hand again. Everything is silent except for the sirens of the ambulance and the pouring rain outside. Then it completely god silent. I'm completely unconscious now.
I wake up the next night and I'm in a hospital bed. It's dark, I look down at my body and I'm covered in red bandages. I look around and my eyes stop on a person beside my bed. Ashlee is sleeping on a cot beside me. My hand in hers. She looks so peaceful. Then I look in my other hand, there's a note. I open it slowly and it reads;
"Dear Christian,
I don't know what made you do this to yourself but all I can say is that I'm sorry. I sorry I wasn't there when you needed me. I'm sorry that I let this happen... Babe. I saw the gun you had. I knew what your were going to do, but you called me and I came to you before you could do it. That's all that matters right now. I saw the bottle of whiskey. You drank the whole thing. You wanted to drink the pain away... but you should know that it will only bring you more pain...
Look. I'm not writing this so that I can rant to you, I'm writing this so that I can say... I love you. I love you with every single bit of my heart. You are my world. I don't know what I could do without you... You mean so much to me... I don't think I could ever live without you. If you died, I don't know how I could go on. All I'm trying to say is... I love you and I want you to believe that I'll always be there for you. No matter what.
I love you Christian, Ashlee"
I look back over to Ashlee and she comes up and we kiss. Lips liked with each other. And we kissed for what seemed like forever, but it was the best forever I could ever ask for. I love this woman, and I love her no matter what happens. Then we spend the rest of the night, together, hand-in-hand. Together bound by true love.
Eleanor's P.O.V.***
"Exterminate! Exterminate!" I heard behind me as I continued run through many many corridors. I ran towards a wall and ran up the wall, flipping over the Daleks causing them to crash into the wall.
I huffed and grabbed my gun, shooting each of them in the eye.
I placed my hands on my knees. My two hearts beat rapidly, one right after the other.
"Well, hello! Who are you?" I heard someone say in front of me. I looked through the huge hole in the wall and the Daleks on the ground. I seen a man with hair down to his ears and a tan tweed coat with the classic bowtie, standing there in front of me with a smile on his face. "I don't favor the whole gun thing but that was amazing!" I chuckled lightly.
He's attractive. I think I may talk to him. This could go somewhere.
"Well. When you're running from the Daleks a lot, you tend to pick up a few things." He raised an eyebrow and walked towards me, stepping over the Dalek bodies.
"Why would you be getting chased by the Dalek's?" He asked, curiously. I raised and eyebrow and looked back at him.
"Why would you be in the same building as me, hiding from them?" He grinned a sly, crooked grin. I sighed, taking my bag off my back, fiddling around with my things.
"Ah. You're clever. I like you. I'm the Doctor. And you are?" He held out his hand. I looked up at him and grabbed his hand.
"Eleanor Pond. Ellie, or El, for short if you would like." I let go of his hand and started digging through my bag again. "So. Doctor what?"
"Just. The Doctor." I looked at him with an eyebrow raised.
"Just. The Doctor?" He nodded.
"Yup." He said, popping the 'p'. He smiled as I shook my head with a smile on my face.
I finally found what I was looking for and I smiled. Grabbing, what looked like a gun, I shot it towards the Daleks, making them fade away.
"What is that?" I heard the Doctor ask. I looked at him as I put it back in my bag.
"It's a teleporter." He nodded as if he was impressed. "Where did you teleport them to?" I shrugged. His eyes widened. "You mean you just teleport them to random places?" I nodded.
"Yeah. Pretty much." He sighed and ran his hand down his face.
"You do know that's dangerous. Right?" I laughed and pinched his cheek.
"Oh, darling. You don't know the beginning of dangerous." I ran my fingers down his face and to his bowtie, to distract him from what I was doing with my other hand.
I grabbed his ear and pulled him down to my height. "If you think that's dangerous then I don't think you should be around me." I instantly shot another bullet through a Daleks eye that was coming in behind him.
He flinched and I smiled, grabbing his hand and pulling him into a different corridor.
I stopped suddenly, almost falling into a big hole in the floor.
"When did that get there?!" The Doctor smiles and laughed.
"That would be me." I sighed and nodded.
"Of course it is." I heard more Daleks coming and I looked at the Doctor.
"I'm going to distract the Daleks. You go find something to get us out of here. I know you have something just please, hurry. I'll be waiting in the lobby downstairs." I seen the Daleks turn to corner and I cursed under my breath.
"Oi! Don't swear!" I huffed and rolled my eyes. I grabbed the pipes above me and kicked each one of them as the flew under me. They began to follow me as I landed and I sighed, running again.
"Get out of here, Doctor!" He began running out of the hallway. I huffed as I ran down a hallway, dodging laser that the Daleks shot at me. I turned down a hallway sharply, losing one.
Then down another, losing the other one.
"And then there was one." I stopped at a dead end in the hallway. I turned around to face it, crossing my arms.
"Exterminate! Exterminate!" I rolled my eyes and grabbed my gloves from my belt.
"Yeah yeah yeah! Exterminate! Exterminate! Why don't you just go ahead a take the shot instead of screaming it ten million times?! That's bloody annoying!" The Dalek stopped shouting and he looked at my hands as I was putting my gloves on.
"What are you doing?!" I looked up at it as I hit my fists together, causing a red light to rise up to my palm. "What are you doing?!" I smiled and walked up to it and looked it straight in the eye.
"You don't yell at a lady." I slammed my palm down on its case and released a bomb on it. I smiled and walked away.
I smiled and took the gloves off as I heard an explosion behind me. "There's my extermination for you."***
I made it down to the lobby without any trouble and I sighed, not seeing him there. I decided to go to the front desk and rummage through their drawers, looking for whatever I could find that may be useful.
"You know, you shouldn't steal things." I jumped slightly as I heard his voice and I shut the drawer, turning around.
"You're right. It's very rude of me. I mean someone might come back to this dump to get papers." The Doctor laughed and I looked in the room past him.
It felt as if something was pulling me there. I walked out from behind the desk and reached him. He nodded and I kept going, turning on the light and there it was.. The Tardis. The Doctor looked at me with a sly smile.
"Is this a Tardis?" I asked and the Doctor gave me a confused look.
"You know what it is?" He asked.
"I mean. I've never really seen one before. I've always knew what they were somehow but.."
"What does TARDIS stand for?" He asked quietly. I looked at the Tardis and placed my hand on it, stroking the doors lightly.
"Time and Relative Dimension In Space." The Doctor clapped his hands together loudly and smiled, causing me to flinch and pull away.
"Oh my god! You are brilliant! Absolutely brilliant!" He pulled me into a hug and kissed my forehead. I pushed him away and looked at him confusedly.
"What's gotten into you?" He smiled and grabbed me, picking me up then spinning me around. "Doctor?!" He sighed happily and sat me down. I brushed myself off and straightened out my leather jacket.
"Ellie! You're a Timelord!" He said looking me in the eyes with a happy look.
Wait.. What?***A/N:
HELLO! HAI! HOW ARE YOU? THATS GREAT! ANYHOO! This is a Doctor Who fanfiction. I wanted to write one so I've been writing one in secret and I've finally decided to publish it here! Have fun reading! Love you!
~JacklePenguin^•^
Calum Hood; He's a handsome young man, tall, brown/black wavy hair, brown eyed and prudent. 17 years of age. He's also pretty known, he plays soccer for the school and also dabbles a bit in music. This boy can see through everybody, no matter how well they're able to cloak their real feelings.
Monday 07:25
School. That's all I have to say. The day everybody dreads when coming home on a Sunday evening after having a fantastic day. But this is life and I just deal with it like everybody else. Today isn't just any Monday though, my team and I have a soccer match to win. I get up out of bed and do the usual, brush my teeth, mess with my hair till it looks decent, put some jeans and a shirt on, grab my stuff, and head down stairs and grab a quick bite before heading out. Nothing changes. Everyday, it's the same, over and over again. Crystal River Academy, sounds fancy huh? It's really not, there's no uniforms and the school isn't posh looking, it's fairly average. It only takes me a five minute walk and a bus ride to get there. I take a seat on the bus, plug my ear buds in. Nothing usually happens on the bus ride except for one thing. Arabella Degray. She lives near the stop after mine so we ride the same bus. I'm sure you're thinking, "You're seventeen why don't you just drive?" well let me answer your question, I do indeed have a car, I just figured it'd be a waste driving to a school that's very close to me and plus I don't have to do anything, which makes it easier for me in the mornings. Anyways back to the topic of Arabella Degray. She's faultless in everybody's eyes, but in mine I know there's something wrong. Arabella seems like she has the most complete life but no ones life can be as easy as hers looks. She always has her stunning smile on her face and never looks sad. I guess you could say she's always happy and that she never had a time when she was or has been sad. That's a lie though, no ones fully living if they haven't had moments in their life where they weren't heavy hearted. Something really sad is that no ones able to see how much pain she's in except for me. They only see the cloak she puts over herself. I'm curious to know as to why she hides and why she showing everybody a dream. A nightmare won't hurt anybody. The bus comes to a halt. I get off the bus and start walking over the big tree behind the school. Why? because I don't want to encounter any people before I really have to. I haven't been to this tree in so long, I hope no one else sits there in their free time.
07:40
I walk over to the tree only to see someone's sitting there, I can't make out the figure but it's definitely a girl. I make it up to the tree and stand tall next to her. The girl looks up and I realize who it is. Arabella Degray.
~Description~
Height- 5'1
Weight- 125 lbs
Eye color- Brilliant Blue
Hair details- Long, blonde
Skin tone- Pale
Notes- She is an organized person. Not necessarily a clean freak, but she is very organized in her actions and surroundings. She'd rather observe others than involve herself in any situation, unless it involves fighting or it's necessary. Her physic is fragile, seemingly, but she makes up for that with her actions. She is the twin of Armin Arlert, and was present when wall Maria was overrun with titans. She joined the 104th trainee squad. There, she quickly learns of just what her body is capable of.
Fears- Titans, thunder, fish, and bees.
Likes- Organizing, killing titans, food, and stars.
Dislikes- Death, socializing, dogs, and pots.
Favorites:
Color- Opaque green.
Thing- Gloves that her grandfather gave her.
Food- Bread
Hobbies- Killing titans, organizing, observing and training.
~Prologue~
~Third Person POV~
The young girl stood in the middle of the larger town.
Wind rustled her hair, causing it to sway to her left. Her delicate frame was so fragile, it seemed like the light kiss of the summer breeze would blow her away.
From afar, the girl named Lyla would seem peaceful.
Her face would tell otherwise. Her eyes wide, jaw hanging open. Fear shook through her as the colossal titan kicked down the strong wall that had held her safe for so many years.
Though she was only twelve, the walls were home. She did, however, dream of the outside world, along with her twin Armin, and two best friends, Mikasa and Eren. Perhaps not Mikasa, but definitely the two boys.
That dream was now crushed into nothingness. As if a sign of pure rage against the imagination she contained.
Eren then bolted off into the crowd, dragging Mikasa behind him.
Lyla was lost for words, afraid if she made a sound the walls would vanish all together.
As if it relied on her.
Armin raised his arm, almost as if he was going to charge after the two. Then pulled it down with his other, "No..." He murmured, before facing to his twin, "Don't just stand there, Lyla! We need to go!"
The girl did nothing but blink, and her eyes slid over to her twin. Fear present in them, "We're all dead."
The boy did nothing but stared at her with wide eyes. Then, reality came crashing down upon both of them, and Lyla spoke first, "We need to get help..."
Armin nodded and gripped her hand with hers, running to see the nearest official.
They approached him with no hesitation, "Help!"
"Hannes!" the shaken girl cried out.
The protector turned to the two with eyes of panic. To the three, there was absolutely no time to waste, "Eren and Mikasa went back to their house!" Armin cried to the guard.
Hannes eyes simply widened before charging to the house.
Lyla found herself staring blankly at a wall, 'We're all going to die...' She thought solemnly to herself.
"Lyla! Snap out of it! We got to get to the boats!" Armin shook his twin.
She looked to him, behind him was a monster. Easily eleven meters tall.
She rose a shaky hand and pointed to the smiling beast, who was reaching for someone in an alley.
Armin snapped his head to look at what she was gesturing to. His eyes widened, and he just picked up his twin and ran off to the boats.
The two stood in line, Lyla staring ahead and Armin frantically looking around for his friends.
They boarded the boat and finally found the duo that Armin had been searching for.
They both were simply facing forward, much like Lyla. Armin couldn't get a word out of either. However, Lyla slowly put the pieces together.
As the boat entered the tunnel to the next wall, her frightened eyes slowly began to shut. She soon began to drift off into an uneasy sleep.
Her home was now gone, her dreams shattered, and some unknown strength was awoken within her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A/N
OK!
Yay for prologues!
I binged Attack On Titan SO HARD. Everytime Levi showed up, I would scream "LEVI SENPAI!" really loudly.
So that's why I'm writing a Levi x OC one now.
That's what happens when you binge.
Please don't hate!
Also, this is going to be following the anime, I've never read the manga so I'm not sure if it's that different, so you have been advised.
Enjoy my Jellies~
-Jelly_Fish_Love
oh... OH.... SHIT
*jumps out window*
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckshitshitshit.HOW DO I CHOOSE ONE?!
Ok fine either Norway or Canada.
If you make me chose I will beat you.
Hello human beings.
I know I'm not a great writer and the only one reading this is probably my mom (Hey mom)
But I really do like to write. And I try really hard so please don't judge.
Thanks

Emily Collins
"Emily run and don't stop running until you're safe" my mother whispered as she quietly opened the window so I could get away.
"Mom I don't want to leave you" I cried quietly.
"I'll be fine sweetie" she reassured me as the bedroom door swung open revealing my drunken step father. He stumbled towards us.
"Run sweetie" my mom said as I climbed up to the window...before I could reach the window, I heard my mom scream. I turned back to see my step father yank my mom to the floor.
"MOM!" I screamed and hurried down from the window to help her bit before I could reach her, she was dragged out of the room. The bedroom door shut. I grabbed my bag and climbed out the window and down the side of the house. I turned and took on last look at the house then turned back and ran.
I reached the bus station and got in the bus going to the airport. I had enough money to buy a ticket to Sydney where my aunt lived.
The bus arrived at the airport and I got off and bought my ticket and went and sat in the waiting area by the gate. Soon my flight was called and I boarded the plane and took my seat. -----------------------------------------The plane landed, I grabbed my things and got off the plane. I got in a taxi and give him my aunts address and sat back in the seat.
He pulled into the driveway and turned around and waited for me to pay him. I handed him the money and took a deep breath and stepped out of the car and walked to the front door. I hesitate before knocking, I finally grow some lady balls and knock on the door.
The door swung open revealing my aunt who had a very surprised look on her face.
"Emily what are you doing her" she asked, then grabbed my bag and lead me inside
"I need somewhere to stay until it's safe to go back home" I mumble
"What do you mean safe, is Pete hurting you again" she looked worried
"Yeah but it's not just me this time Aunt Kim" I whimper trying to hold back the tears.
"Oh sweetie you can stay here as long as you need to, you're always welcome here" she said sympathetically bringing me into a hug
She took me to the guest room and told me to get settled in while she made a few phone calls. she left and I fell back on the bed and closed my eyes and tried to relax I'm safe now.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey guys, This is my first story and I hope you like it. I'll try and update every other day and it will get better I promise.
XOXOBrooklyn 💋✌️
Chapter 1 : Cece
My name is Cece and I'm a typical fifteen year old except I suffer from depression I know what your thinking its a young age but let me tell you why I am depressed.
It all started two years ago I was happy with my little sister and my mum and dad we were a close family but then that night I heard mum and dad fighting and they got a divorced, that night our family broke apart dad left he now lives with his new wife  (my step mum) but the thing is I hate my step mum, anyway now my mum is happy being single.
That's not all that made me depressed not that long ago I had a boyfriend I loved him for ages we were together for 3 years but then one night he was walking on the train tracks and he got hit by a train and now I haven't seen him for 4 months and I miss him.
So there the reasons why I'm so depressed I guess now I feel alone and broken I know I can't go back to the way things were the past is in the past I get it but still I just really want to be happy.
Anyway I'm a year 9 student at carravile high and my best friends Lucy and Rihanna know what I am going through and they support me everyday.
It was a typical Sunday and their I was at my dad's house I hated going there because of my step mum she is so rude she doesn't like my attitude, she doesn't like the way I talk, the way I dress and she just doesn't like me but she likes my little sister.




As i already told you, this story is about Kate and Elliot's love story. I wanted to do that because in the books and in the movie we don't see much of them so... This is  my first story so i alologize now for maybe the bad writing or the mistakes that you might find. Please i would like everyone to comment. I will accept all the comments bad and good. I will update once or twice a week. So enough with the talking. Let's begin. I hope you like it <3 ♥
-Wolf's POV-W.... Where am I...? How did I get here? ...I feel kind of strange... and sick....... My vision slowly focuses. I blink a couple of times, slight pain in some of my limbs. The smell of dust and bleach is strong, but the silence is far more consuming. I close my eyes and try remember where I am and why I am here, but my memory is a black blur. I remember darkness and pain. I think back to when I was last active. I remember a man, but not much about him. The more I try to remember his features, the more they slip.  A tear rolls down my cheek as a dark memory consumes me, taking a tight hold of my vision and forcing it into past memories.///Flashback beginsI feel the coolness envelope my small body. Without opening my eyes, I know that I am in water. The feeling is unpleasant, even with the vagueness of the fading worries. I feel my pain begin to fade. I smile, but as I take a breath, water begins to attack my circuits and cause great pain. Choking, I begin to realize that I am drowning. My eyes flicker open, the water stinging my eyes as I stare downwards into the dark murkiness.The water bubbles, the air escaping from under my suit and rising to the surface of the sink water. Spoons and other cutlery litter the bottom, covered in grime and food stains. My hands continue to flail upwards, but I refuse to put them into the water to fry.I try to get up out of the water, but his hands hold me down. I try to scratch at the hands holding me under, to kick at the figure pushing me under from behind, but there is no success. I don't even think I hit him, nor do I think really bother him. Both of his hands push harder, and my face meets the bottom of the giant sink. Forks and knives dig through to my endoskeleton, letting in the water and causing great pain.The water gets into my circuits, and I begin to spasm uncontrollably. A loud scream is muffled under the water. My programming tells me 'Something is incredibly wrong' as my drives malfunction, all of my body conducting electricity through the water. And then, my body stops. He holds me under a minute longer, to make sure I am dead. He lifts me out, my body completely limp, and drops me to the ground. My body, slack and weak, falls into a heap of metal on the floor. Water pools around me, oil from my systems staining it a crimson-grey. The liquid drips from my mouth, which is still full with the liquid. My vision begins to blur, but no matter how hard I try,  I cannot close my eyes.The man looks down at me with a look of both annoyance and concentration, as if he doesn't know what to do next. With a sigh, he tightly grabs me arms and begins to drag me away. I want to close my eyes so badly, but I can't move myself in any way. I cannot speak. Left on my back, man hovers over me, smiling. With all of the errors I have, he actually looks purple. He drags me away, a large water streak is the only evidence of anything happening. The darkness closes in on me, a predator attacking its prey. And my life isn't the only thing it takes. My happiness, too.Flashback ends///
I don't know how it happened,and I'm not quite sure why it happened.But it did.He came into my life expecting to look like the knight in the shiny armour.But infact he looked like a intoxicated fool.Who was he?I never knew.He never opened up to me.And till this day,I fucking wonder,why I even let him in?
Hello my dear readers! This is my first story and it's about Boruto and Sarada. There will also be SasuSaku and NaruHina and some new ships. I hope that you will enjoy. Sorry for my bad English. All characters belong to M.Kishimoto.P.S. If you have any ideas feel free to tell me.
Sarada's POV"Sarada wake up! You don't wanna be late, it's your first day in the new school after all". That is mom- Sakura Uchiha."I'm coming!" I said (yelled) as I was running downstairs to the kitchen. This is me. I am Sarada Uchiha. I'm 16 years old and I have black hair and onyx eyes, but they seem red sometimes. Creepy I know. Oh and no, this isn't my fist day at the new school. I was born and raised here in Konoha but last 3 years I was schooled in London. Now, I am very excited. Who wouldn't be. I wonder how does he look like now...NO NO NO I do not care. "Mornin' mom" I said."Good morning sweetie" she kissed me "guess who is coming today!"Suddenly the door opened and the man entered. He had raven hair, like me, he had onyx eyes, like me, he was wearing suit, like... well not like me, I was in my school uniform."Where are my girls?!" He smiled..."Papa!" I ran to him and gave him bear hug. He kissed my forehead and than tapped it like he always do... "Wellcome home darling" mom said and than he also kissed her."Can I give a ride to school to my baby girl?" Dad asked. He is always like that baby girl. I AM NOT BABY GIRL. "Sure papa" and so we left the mansion.When we arrived i kissed him on the cheek and he said "Say hi to Dob-Uncle Naruto from me!" "I will, bye, love ya!" Konoha High here I comeI entered headmaster's office "Hokage-sama?""Who- Oh my God Sarada is that you?! Look at you! You have grown up so fast and so much! How is Tem- Sasuke doing? How is Sakura-chan? And how are you? Look at your grades! Oh and by the way your classroom is D1". After little chat with him I left to find the classroom. As I opened the doors someone put me in the bone-crashing hug. "Sarada is that really you?! Look how hot you are that's not okay and you are too thin!" My best frien said."ChouChou let the girl breth,how troublesome" that is Shikadai Nara."Well,well isn't that Forehead Girl!" smirked Inojin Yamanaka. "Oh guys I missed you so much!" I said.Chouchou looked...nice, she was maaaaaybe a little... well fat. But she is still bff. She is really loyal and funny. Shikadai is sooo lazy and so smart I think that he had a thing for little Himawari but I'm not sure. Inojin and I fight a lot but he is really good friend. "ChouChou dear, it is normal for young teenage girls to grow more beautyful every day. Pleasure is mine" said Mitsuki as he kissed my hand. I smiled and blushed a little. Mitsuki is really nice guy a little wierd but nice. And than..."Mitsuki did you see how good I was. We totally won because of me!"I turned my head. That is him. Boruto Uzumaki.
Private number.
"Is this Amanda Brews?" a lady asked through the phone.
"Yes,who is this?", I answered curiously.
"This is Agent B from the Black Op,meet me in the library near your house at 3. Do not speak to anybody." she ordered strictly. Before I could ask any questions , she hung up her phone. My eyebrows furrowed in puzzlement as I try to think through what just happened. "Did she just say she's from the black op?" I whispered to myself. "And how did she know where I live?" . My mind was surrounded by questions after questions.
The time now was 2 in the afternoon. I have 1 hour to think about going to the library to meet 'Agent B'. Suddenly , a thought came to my mind. "Becca! Ofcourse! This must be a prank," I spoke out loud, "Becca,you're so dead!" . Becca,one of my close friend, was also known as a huge prankster in my school. It was not a suprise if this was a prank by her. She was not one who would ask to meet up like a normal person. I told my aunt I was heading out to meet Becca. Apparently, my aunt is my only family. My parents went missing a few years ago one day. Ever since then, my aunt took good care of me.
-----------------------------------------------
Exactly at 3pm , I took a step into the library which was just 2 bus stops away from my house. I head to the cafe at the corner of the library and ordered a double chocolate. The cafe was not crowded nor was it empty. I examined the library for Becca aka 'Agent B' . A group of students was studying at a table for 4 quietly . At the other table there was a woman tutoring a child. Becca was nowhere in sight. I patiently sat at a table for 2 while taking small sips from my drink.Half an hour later, I got pissed off waiting and decided to dial Becca. Just as I took out my iPhone 5 , a red-haired woman wearing black leather jacket and high heel boots marched into the cafe. She was obviously not there for a drink nor to borrow a book. Her chestnut eyes took a quick scan of the cafe. As soon as her eyes met mine, she put a slight smirk on her face. I akwardly curved my mouth into a smile in respond to her smirk. She seemed as if she know me for a long time. I fidgeted as her eyes continued to stare at me. "If this was part of the prank, im so killing u Becca" i whispered to myself.
After what seemed like an eternity, she finally strolled to the counter to order a drink. It was ready in a minute.With her mocha, she walked towards me. "This is not getting any better," I thought to myself. As she got closer, I saw a letter B printed on the left top of her jacket. I was stunned for a moment. I was not feeling at ease. When she reached at my table, she grabbed the empty chair and asked "May I?" . Ofcourse it would be rude to say no so I just reluctantly nodded my head. She made herself comfortable before saying another word. Carefully, she put her mocha on top of the table. She was wearing a red lipstick which made her face looked much more fiercer. She looked like she was at her mid-twenties . She must have seen how lost i am and began introducing herself.
"My name is Beth , I called you just now. Sorry to disturb you out of a sudden but it's important." , her voice was stern. Agent Beth? Becca would never take a prank too far. "What's important?" , my voice was shaky. "Let's go somewhere private." Beth suggested. ______________________________________Im sorry if this chapter is boring and it's too short . I'll make the other chapter longer. If there's any grammar mistake , let me know in the comment . Thanks for reading .
That moment when you get the role number 46 or 7 or 6 or 4 or 3 or or or.....
Well this is how i thought of this book...Idk why people ship them...Scourge and ashfur are great cats I love scourge so much but i just dont get it so i hate this ship if any of you ship it would you tell me why?Because my friend ships it because there both bad but theres many other bad cats out there like tigerstar
(I wont draw any of the pictures in this book they are all from online)
Pitch Black calmly opens the door to his office, black sand trailing behind him as he steps inside. He eyes the two teens inside as he closes the door behind him.
"Ah, Hiccup, Merida; how nice of you to join me."
The two teens nod at him stiffly. "Hello, Father," they say in perfect unision.
"What brings you two here?"
They show no sign of emotion, as they were trained to. "You summoned us, Father," they reply, words blending perfectly once again.
Pitch smiles, but not in an affectionate way. "I did, didn't I?"
He walks over to his black desk and sits down. "Hiccup, tell me what you're thinking right now."
Hiccup's unfocused eyes blink slowly, fixed on Pitch. "I think you have a new mission for us, Father."
Pitch applauds mockinly. "I always knew you were a smart boy."
"Is it true, Father? Do you have a new mission for us?" Merida asks, rocking back and forth on her heels slightly. Pitch takes notice of this and snaps his fingers. Both of the teen's eyes fly open, their pupils expanding so that all of their eyes are pure black. Merida instantly stops rocking and Hiccup stands up straighter. Both have their hands clasped tightly behind their backs.
"It is true, Merida," Pitch says slowly, examining them. "I do have a new mission for you." He stands up and circles Hiccup and Merida. "Do you two remember North and Manny?"
"Yes, Father," they reply in unision. "They're our enemies, Father."
"Very good. Well, I've finally figured out how to get back at them."
Hiccup and Merida suddenly appear interested. "How, Father?"
"By killing their children, Jack Frost and Elsa Arendelle." Pitch smiles smugly, waiting to see the teen's reactions.
Hiccup and Merida glance at eachother for the breifest of moments. "Are you sure about this, Father?" Hiccup asks respectfully. "I mean, is this the right way to get back at them?"
Pitch leans in so that his face is centimeters from Hiccup's. "The right way? You've killed plenty of people before, boy. Are you gong soft, perhaps?"
Hiccup's face hardens. "No, Father; I'm not going soft. I'm sorry. I will kill them."
"We'll kill them," Merida corrects.
Pitch nods with satisfaction. "I have already enrolled you in Tangled High, a school in Burgess, and that is where you will find Jack and Elsa. Your job is to kill them, not become friends with them. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Father."
"Good. Your mission will start tomorrow."
This section has like three mc fanfic that's rlly creepy but hilarious af. Njoy!
Hey, you there. Yes, you, reading this. Yes, YOU, wondering what this chick is talking about. Welcome. Welcome to this weird thing that is my life. I decided to write this, because, well, my life isn't that interesting. But I'd like for people to know what it's like to live in an orphanage. Fact number one: We definitely don't burst into song. Well, maybe, when the older girls sing One Direction in the shower. But otherwise definitely not. Our life is not pre-rehearsed and complete with mop-bucket choreography. And I'm definitely not an Annie material - getting adopted  by daddy Warbucks is just out of question. And there will never be any fake or real parents who will come looking for me. But I just want to tell you about my life at an orphanage. Because I want to and well, I'm really bored right now.
Oh, maybe I should introduce myself. Name's Alex. Alexis for long. Alexis Maria Wes. But Alex, or Lex to you. I'm 12, but I look like I'm 8. I guess I'm your typical 12 year old. I have curly ginger hair, freckles everywhere and well, I'm quite shy. I don't tend to talk, not even when I'm spoken to. Why? Well, there's a lot of things that have happened in my life. But more about that later.
I've been living here all my life. Here, in this tiny corner of this twelve bed dorm. I've watched girls come and go - getting picked by families and taken to enjoy their new life. I stopped wondering when my time will come after I turned 8.
"It's just not gonna happen, Alexis." said my orphanage manager, Joanna. She is, well, what's the word to describe it? Interesting. One day, she'll love me like I'm her daughter, the next, her look, voice and fists would scare me so much I'd hide in my room and wouldn't come out for days. Then she lures me out like a cat and tells me I'm just too sensitive, we hug and we're friends again. I'm one of the few people who's been here the longest and Joanna's told me I'm here to stay. I'm hers. I guess she loves me. I guess.
I'm not allowed to attend adoption events. On the day, she puts me in my room and gives me an iPad to play with - it's a pretty good distraction, let me tell you. For the longest time, I had no idea there was such thing as adoption days - I just really enjoyed spending time playing games on her iPad. For the past 2 years, I've used that iPad to watch a thing called YouTube. While the other kids were downstairs, getting adopted, I enjoyed listening to girl groups that told me everything will be alright. One of those girl groups was Fifth Harmony. There's nothing I wanted more than telling them how much they changed my life. But did they really change it? I mean, I'm still stuck here, without any parents and a manager who sometimes comes to hug me at night and gives me a weird feeling. But they changed the way I feel about things. The nights that I cry, I just start singing their songs in my head and it calms me down. They just seem so... full of life. And here I am, completely empty.
My stomach is growling and I punch it to keep it quiet. There's no need for that right now. Joanna would kill me if I snuck downstairs to get food. Sometimes she brings it up - that's when I know I've been good and she loves me. Other times, I spend an evening with my only friend - my rumbling stomach.
Suddenly something makes me flinch. I hear voices.
"And this is the girls dormitory," I hear Joanna, "but you can't go in there at the moment."
"Why not?" asked a familiar voice, but it took me a minute to realise who it belonged to.
"We don't normally take future parents here until after they adopt. It's,... privacy issues."
I rolled my eyes. Sure. Privacy is my new name apparently. But who did that voice belong to? It was SO familiar.
"Miss Joanna," said the voice and I laughed at the word 'miss' - it didn't fit Joanna at all, "we really liked all the kids. But we're looking for someone older. Someone that would be happy to come on tours with us and could handle it."
Tours? Tours. Older. And then something finally clicked in my slower-as-a-turtle brain.
"CAMILA CABELLO?" I squealed from my room and immediately covered my mouth. I am in so much trouble, my heart started pounding. Either Joanna will kill me or I will actually get to meet a member from Fifth Harmony. I might risk the first for the second.
I ran through the room, trying not to trip over the girls' stupid toys and slowly opened the door. Just a little bit. But enough to get busted.
This is really a "you really had to be there" moment - I can't even describe Joanna's face. It was a mixture of fear, anger and "I'll kill you if you don't get back into your room."
"Did someone call my name?" There she was. Camila. With the sweetest voice ever and the biggest eyes. And she wasn't alone. ALL the girls were there. I was standing in front of Fifth Harmony. Are you getting this? Fifth Harmony.
Suddenly, I felt like there wasn't enough air in this world to fill up my lungs. I looked at Joanna who shook her head and looked back at the girls I admired. Speak, Lex, speak! Nothing. Absolutely nothing, except for trying to get some air in my lungs. Great job, Lex.
"Sweetie," said Lauren, kneeled down and gently held my hand, "would you like a glass of water?"
I nodded, my eyes wider than Joanna's butt. I could see Normani giggle, but I wasn't the only one lost for words. Joanna's dark eyes were pierced into mine. Her breathing was deep, but she wouldn't turn her head.
After Ally got me a glass of water, I gulped it down like I haven't had a drink for years and said thank you. The girls cooed over my immature childish voice. Well, what did you expect, I am a child after all!
"Miss Joanna, what about her?" Lauren stood up and gestured towards me. I looked at Joanna, completely frightened.
It took Joanna a moment to realise she was asked a question. "What? Who? Oh Alexis? No, she's not available."
"Why not?" asked Camila and stroked my hair. I looked her in the eyes and smiled.
"Because. She's. Not." said Joanna, walking towards me with every step. Her voice was dark and I immediately knew I was in so much trouble. And my first instinct was to hide behind Lauren and hug her back.
Lauren raised her eyebrows. "She seems pretty available to me." She turned around to me. I still didn't comprehend what was happening. Was this all a joke?
"How would you like to come live with us, Alexis?"
No answer. My voice was lost somewhere in my stomach and I'll probably poop it out later. Flush it down. And never get it back. Either that or Joanna will rip my throat out. But, ha hah, You thought this was gonna be over, right? Well, jokes on you (and Joanna) because I could still nod. And I nodded so much I almost twisted my neck.
And so it happened. Within an hour, the papers were ready. While Lauren distracted Joanna by asking questions about me in the office, I showed the girls around.
You know, I'm really gonna miss this place. It kind of grows on you after 12 years. I'll even miss the mold in the bathroom. It wasn't big, this orphanage, but it had a lot of kids. Well, to me, that was a lot of kids. There were twelve girls and twelve boys. Yep, we had boys. And I'm pretty sure they had and still have cooties. All except one. Tyler. Oh no, Tyler! Suddenly I gasped, covered my mouth, abandoned my orphanage tour and ran over to the boys dormitory. My new family followed behind me.
"Tyler! Ty!" I shrieked, opening the door. He doesn't even know I got adopted. "I'm getting out of here!" was the first thing that came out of my mouth. Tyler was on his bed, throwing and catching a ball. The other boys grimaced as they saw me - none of the boys really talked to girls that much. When you're in an orphanage where the oldest girl is 12 years old and the oldest boy is 14, you don't really make friends with someone who has cooties after all. I think maybe we were the older and maturer ones from the rest. And I kind of liked that.
He looked my way and smiled. "Way to go, big Al." That was his nickname for me. I could hear the girls 'aww' behind me. I forgot they were still here. He slid down from his bed - I didn't even realise how tall he was for a 14 year old. Maybe he's grown - it's been a day since I've seen him. Boys grow pretty fast at that age, right?
We hugged, ignoring the "eww" from the boys and "aww" from the girls. I felt the tears coming. No. No stupid tears. This is supposed to be a happy moment. Happy. Gimme H, gimme A, gimme P,... here they come.
"Kid. Kid. Al." said Tyler, rubbing my back. "You'll be okay."
"I... I'll just miss you." I sobbed into his chest. "Th.. thank you. For being my friend."
Tyler smiled and looked behind me. "Are these the folks?"
I nodded. Yep. These were the folks. The folks that saved me. From the things I didn't even know happened. But you'll discover that pretty soon, don't worry.
"What... what if.. Joanna..."
Tyler put his hand on my mouth. A finger would be so romantic, but no, a hand is just a clear indicator I should probably shut up. "She won't do anything. Don't worry about her. You deserve this, Al. How long have you been here?"
"T..twelve years." I sobbed through my tears.
Tyler nodded. "Exactly. And you know damn well that I never let Joanna do anything. And she won't do anything to anyone now." I saw Dinah Jane frown at that statement.
I sighed. I never told Tyler that his standing up to our manager didn't exactly do much - it only made things worse. But it made Tyler think he was a big hero. When it all started, sometimes he'd ask me every day if she touched me. And I always said no. I'm such a good liar I should get somekind of an award for this.
After a few hard minutes of goodbyes, I let Tyler go and turned to my new family. I saw Lauren come back, with papers in her hands, smiling. I guess she was my new mom. Except I'll never call her that, ever. No one can take my real mother away from me, not even a popular girl group.
"So kid, are you ready to get out of here?"
The door slid open, revealing a girl- a girl no one knew. She drifted silently into the room, recognised by no one. Her hair blew elagantly behind her, the wind coming from the open window one desk away from me. I looked around the room, but the teacher and the students continued to work, not noticing the girl pulling up the chair next to me. My eyes were fixiated on her.
Her legs were sat crossed, her head leaning on her hand and looking out the window. Her deep, purple eyes skit across the outside, observing students walking past and chatting. Eyes, such stunning eyes, slowly turned to look at me. I jumped a little and felt my face burn up. She gazed at me; differently from when she looked at the outside, for she was not observing or judging, she was smiling. Her eyes smiled. I found myself staring too intently, and I didn't notice  the teacher standig beside my desk with a questioning look. I jumped and began to stutter a few words that even myself couldn't understand. Without a word, the teacher placed the paper on my table, with my test results on.
86%. A good result. I looked to my side to see the girl, who was still staring. I wish she would stop already. I gave her a weak smile and she finally looked away. As soon as her eyes were gone, I felt as if I was lifted from a spell that fixiated my whole sight and being to her. The air felt boring and dark like it usually did, and for the rest of the day no one noticed the girl.
I'll edit this later, but this is it so far! X
I dont usally color my drawings but if u want me to then just write in the comments and i also take request so feel free to comment and please vote if u like it . BTW this is basher (the water melon man) i think he's awsome
My name is Alexander smith and I run the of the biggest drug empires in north America. This is the beginning of how my life fell into chaos. Me and my family where in the middle of moving all are stuff to our new mansion in miami, I made us move because I was setting up my new headquarters in miami so I wanted to be closer to my business. I've been hideing the fact that I'm a drug Lord from my family for years so I told them I worked as a surgeon an ld I got I better deal at another hospital in Florida that's why we are moving.
After the movers got done loading the funiter we followed them to the new house. When we got there the mover started to unload the funiter, suddenly my phone went off I answered it and it was my second hand man David. David makes sure every thing runs soomthly while I'm off doing other business. I asked David what he needed he told me that I need hurry up and meet up with him for I can meet the local drug dealers and strike a deal with them. I told my wife Mary that in leaving to go meet with the head of the hospital then I left to the meeting.
The meeting was set up in one of the hidden drug factories that one of the main drug dealers of Florida owned. When I got there the place was a big green and white factory that had sign on it that said Marcos fabric softener incorporated that was clearly a cover up. When I walked in was greeted  by David and three other men in business suits. We all took a seat to discuse business one of the men was big and balled with a gold grill in his mouth. The one in the middle was very skinny had red hair . The one on the end was wearing a all white suit, Asian with tattoos reaching up to his neck and had a long beard.
When we finally got settled we started to discuss business the one in the middle worth red hair name was Marco he own this factory he ran production of the drugs. The balled one was name Bruce he made sure the supplies for the drugs got to the factories safely. Lee the one on the end is  the one who distributes the drugs. When started talking I offered them that we would split the drug production in Florida in half, Marco asked  what I would give them in return I told them I will give them protection from the cops and expand their business times three. After they started to discusse for a while in private they came back and Sat down and Lee asked but how can we be sure that you keep your end of the deal. I told David to go to the trunk of my car and get my suitcase he came back with it and I placed it on the coffe table and opened it I gave them the case It was five million dollars in cash. I told them this five million up front to earn yall trust. Bruce asked what if we don't accept the deal I told him if u don't I will take my money and business else where but trust me when I say if u do I will shrivel ur empire to nothing in a matter of montgs. Marco said that sounds like a threat I told him no that's a promise. I got out of my seat and started to walk away, while I did I told them I'll give them six weeks to decide.
Randomness comes from the heart. It's the air we breath, the stuff we eat and the noodles we cheese.
Me myself like randomness. It is better for the soul. I don't like order so you can probably tell I'm not a school kid.
But back to randomness.
Ok so how many of you randomly record one of your parents snoring like really load.
Well I have. We were fishing one night and Mom and me went bak to the car. And soon she was asleep and snoring like no tomorrow.
I turned on the radio trying to ground her out but it didn't work so I kept turning it up and she kept getting loader.
So I got out my phone and tur ed off the music and started to recored her.
And when I got about a minute and twenty seconds I stopped it and then put the phone to her ear and sent it back her way.
She jumped up super fast and was swatting at me.
I was dying laughing in the passengers seat.
After she was done having a heart attck she gave me this big long speech which I don't remember most of it.
And so Random acts of waking parents can be fun!
If you have your own random story that you want mentioned them comment all Ill see what I can do.
Vote/ comment and all that good stuff.
Check out my other books if you want.
Till next time stay amazing!
Picture of Gabby and Quinn at the top or side
.Gabby
I hopped out the bed with excitement i brushed my teeth then took a hot shower i put on my blue skinny jeans and my white shirt with hello kitty on the front and put on my pink converse i flat ironed my hair and went downstairs and ate some cereal singing along to the music blasting from my iPhone 6 i seen my momma coming downstairs ready for work.
Good Morning Baby she said kissing me on the cheek and making her a cup of orange juice
Good Morning Mom ! i said smiling how are you i said getting out her favorite cereal and a bowl and a spoon
I'm fine and how are you she said making her cereal
Oh i'm great like always i said smiling
she smiled at me and continued to eat.
Well mom i should get to the bus bye mom i said hugging her and grabbing my backpack , phone and house key.
Bye sweetie and im gonna be home late today do you want me to pick you up any food when i get off
Naw mom you should get some rest i will just make me a sandwich have a good day mom love you
Love you too she yelled before i closed the door
I walked to Quinn house and just before i was about to knock on the door he opened it
I smiled and said Good Morning Quinn
Good Morning Gabby he said half smiling them going back to his black expression
Quinn doesn't smile much he barely laughs be always had a blank expression sometimes its a mood killer he doesn't talk to anyone i only talk to him cause he doesn't like anything i don't know how i fell for him but i just did. Me and Quinn known each other since we were 5 he lives with his uncle cause his parents died in a car crash when he was 8 even when his parents was alive he barely smiled he was barely acted like a kid he usually just sat in the house and in his room.
i decided to make small talk with him
So did you study for your AP History final? i said looking at him but he just nodded his head and continued looking straight walking directly to school.
Oh well i was wondering since you are pretty good at chemistry if you could help me with the test over it
Ok when he said bluntly with a blank expression
tonight over my house my mom wont be home i said getting excited over the last part
Quinn looked over at her noticing that she got happy at the last part and asked Why you so happy your momma not gonna be home he said with an eyebrow raised
Um um um i said outta loss for words and blushing real hard
Good girl a freak he said smirking them quickly went to a black expression i got irritated and walked faster
after 6 long hours later school was finally over i went home I started cleaning the house and I took a shower and put on some shorts and a tank top i was getting the stuff ready for me and Quinn study as soon as I sat down the door bell rang. I opened it and seen an annoyed looking Quinn at my door
Hi Quinn i said smiling and letting him in he nodded and walked in I frowned and followed behind him.
Let's get started he said in a stern voice sending chills down my spine I grabbed my books and sat next to him on the couch he grabbed the book and was about to explain before I got up too pee he sighed and sat back watching the wall with an blank expression. When I came back I turned on the fan cause i was hot then finally started listening when he was tutoring me i was bored he's so serious
Quinn? I said with a questioning look on my faces.
Yes he said slightly annoyed
Why do you never smile you are always so serious you have no emotion why ?
You smile and laugh all the time baby girl..... but are you really happy?
No not really but i choose to appreciate life i said concerned
Who said I hated it? he said bluntly I just don't fuck with a lot of people he said
I'm not saying you hate it and plus you barely even talk to people
I talk to you he said looking at me
my cheeks turned red
I only talk to people i like and you cool he said finishing it
Can you at least smile for me i said begging
No he said sternly
I reached over and started ticking him he lifted me up and put me on the other side
I started playing with his hair and be removed my hand
I then decided to just lay on him and look up at him and he just sighed and looked down at me like "get tf up" i sighed but while getting up I snuck a kiss but he deepened the kiss I then flipped us over where i was on top I put my hands under his shirt touching his abs and he started squeezing my butt then i went down and pulled his belt he then realized what we was doing and lifted my off of him and got up
Gabby we've been friends for so long I don't know if we could just ruin it by having sex he said with a blank expression
I stood up and looked up at him not caring what he said and kissed him and said
Is your uncle home? i said smirking
No he's never home and you know that he said bluntly
i gave him a duh look I grabbed my shoes and grabbed his hand and we walked to his house and went to his room. I pushed him on the bed and took off his pants and i took off my shirt we looked at each other with pure lust and then said fuck it and then got busy im gonna regret this in the morning
What yall think?👀
Is it too much??⁉️
Tell me everything 💭
Oooh they got nasty 😏
but they been friends since 5 😫👫
Quinn never smiles 😕
Gabby is always happy 😆
Will she regret getting the 🍆 from her crush 💕
Comment 💬
Follow me 👥
IMPORTANT PLEASE TAKE 2 MINUTES OF YOUR TIME TI READ THIS!
As you all know, this isn't my first lemon, I have another book completely bassed of hetalia lemon ships, i'm not working on it a whole lot, and ON TOP of that I'm working on a HUGE novel I've spent nearly 2 weeks on planning, I've only completed 3 chapters, (not including the Prolouge) and I plan on uploading all the parts once the book is done.
For now I just want to kick back and write a nice romance novel on my bae, germany. heheheheu.Anyways, if you did read this thank you, also I don't know if I will EVEN FINISH this. Sorry. Maybe I will maybe I won't.
Danke for reading.
This story includes the new generation of elemental master. They are Aaron and Ciara, masters of shsdow, Ella Blue,master of lightning, Joshua,master of mind and Chase,master of energy. That's all I need to say. Thanks!
Anyone can give up it's the easiest thing in the world. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
Request for:*Free!*Kuroko No Basket*Attack on Titan*Uta No Prince Sama*Diabolik Lovers*Fairy Tail
I can try lemons but I'll be more comfortable with Fluff, Angst, and Lime (lemon and Lime are two different things)
(Doctor Who AU)
In which Dan is an alien with an internet addiction and is sometimes called The doctor and where Phil is his adventurous companion who goes along for the ride in the TARDIS.
The three H's ensue, Hilarity, Heartbreak, and possible Happy endings.

Brighton, England: A city off the south coast of EnglandThe Modern daysRight now Cindy is in 12th gradeShe is turning 18 on her birthday May 7th
-MikeyJ my dadimkaylaphillips  my momjeena_babes  my daughterTheoJP24  MichaelJackson528 Bella_Paisley JJJackson1958 my sisters-MichaelJoeJackson _Michael-Jackson micchaeljacckson RealObee_ My brothersMichaelJJackson-  -KaelynnHarris  Demetria__Jonas -ArianaGrande- and alot of others!! You all are invited for my wedding!!!
The colours are Gold and Turqoise. I'll see you all there!!!
My name is Lily Fall. I have a mother, a father who is out of town, a 16-year old sister named Isabella and a 14-year old brother named Dominic. I am 13 years old. I have long blond hair and blue-green eyes. I have freckles and I wear a ponytail a lot.
Well, anyways, Isabella and Dominic were fighting so I decided to go outside for a walk.
"Mom?" I called. She turned her head and smiled at me.
"Hi sweetie," she nodded. I noticed she was washing the dishes. "Do you need anything?" She brushed her brown hair over her shoulder.    "Is it all right if I go for a walk in the woods?" I asked. "I'm twelve, I'm old enough to go alone, plus those two are fighting and once they do you cant stop them."    Mom stopped washing a frying pan and ran her fingers through her hair. "Are you sure you'll be safe?"    "I'm sure."    "Will you keep your phone with you so you can call me?"
"Mm hm."    "Then..." Mom sighed. "Go ahead, Lil. Only for thirty minutes."
I smiled. "Thanks Mom."
I turned the doorknob and skipped outside, closing the door behind me. I began to walk down the rough gravel road and I took a sharp turn left, into Sky High Woods. Yeah, that's what it's called. The trees aren't even that tall, anyways.
As I walked through down the path, I took in a deep breath. Fresh air was nice.
Ding!
My phone let out a dingy sound. I pulled it out of my pocket and read the text my mom just sent to me.
Hey Lily! Is everything okay? 😅 I hope so. Just, call me back, all right? Turn around once you get to the intersection, okay? Remember, only 30 minutes! 😋😝😜
I quickly typed out a reply and sent it back to her.
I'm doing fine! 😉 I promise I'll turn back at the intersection. And, I remember only 30 minutes! 😛
I grinned and rolled my eyes. My mom of course texts me the minute I get into the woods. What, it's not like a bear will come out of nowhere.    I froze as I saw a squirrel run across the path. It had gray fur. Aww! Squirrels were so cute.
It scuttled into a bush and I kept walking. I suddenly squinted when I saw something... Shimmer? Nah.
There it was again.
The shimmer.
I frowned and took a careful step forward.
Veeeery careful.
It couldn't be a bug. Bugs don't SHIMMER! Unless it's a bug I don't know of. Ugh, never mind. Wait, should I text mom? How about until I know what it is. Plus, I don't mom to panic.
I stepped forward and crouched down in front of the object. It was small, and green. Greenish blue. I think it was...
A gem.
<><><>
Ehhhh the first chapter was kind of bad. But I promise, the next part will be a lot better! It's just, I wasn't really sure what to do when she walked through the forest. :3
" Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names."
~ unknown
chapter 1 all about me
bricks P.O.V hi I'm brick jojo right now I'm asleep then! my stupid alarm clock go's off beep beep beepthen I wake w up I hit my alarm clock it shuts up I jump to my feet I walk in the bath room brush my teeth for the first time of the week what I forget no judging then take a hour shower yep I have all the time in the world I get out put my red shirt on just plan red boring..then my black pants on then my red converses and I put my black rrbz belt on and have red cap backwards because it was sideways yup I sleep in my cap after that I go down stairs to eat breakfast only to see my brothers in the same outfit as me but there clouths is there color butchs green boom blue did I say we left the monkey years ago we have powers like puffs and kinda stronger then them and yup we defeated them when we robbed the bank but today we well take over the world and destroy the puffs we sat down at the table and ate breakfast then I spoke "boys today we will take over the world and destroy the powderpuffs"I said proudly "YEAH!!"boom and butch said ______________________
be here for the next chap the big fight and don't worry they fall in love trust me
❤blossicklover
Today I woke up to an empty spot on the bed. Just like every other morning. I try not to worry about it but I just can't. I always wonder why he does this to me and all he can is "shut your mouth or do you want me to shut it for you." I can't help but feel weak. I got out the bed and made me something to eat.
I made me a pair of sunny side up eggs. I couldn't even finish it because 2 days ago Trevon and I got into fight.
FlashbackI tried to prepare him a meal and I got all dressed up. I had on a dress that came to mid-thigh and black eye-shadow. I then heard Trevon ruffling his keys to open the door. I got in place and turned on the music. Trevon then came in and looked at me.
"Turn the music off you look like a prostitute." Trevon yelled at me making me flinch. By the tone in his voice I could tell what was about to go down.
"I'm sorry I just wanted to give you s good night. I was trying to please you." I said.
"That's bull." Trevon said. "I'm tired of your lies. Your lucky I'm still with you. Get on your knees and apologise." I got on my knees to and begged for forgiveness.
"I'm very very sorry Trevon. I didn't mean to look like this. I just wanted to make you happy." I said feeling the burning sensation of tears roll down from my eyes.
"You can apologise better than that." Then Trevon slapped me. "Suck up them tears." I tried but that made me cry more. Then another slap had hit my face. My cheeks were burning. I then sucked it and one little yelp came out of my mouth.
"Didn't I tell you to stop." Next thing I know a fist had landed on my face. Specifically my jar. I tried to move my jaw but it hurted. I then fell to the ground. Did Trevon care? No. He just walked away and went to bed. Leaving me on the ground helpless.
End of flashback
Thinking of that memory started yo make me feel queasy. After trying to eat my eggs I went to take a nap.
I was in a comfortable sleep until Trevon picked me up and slammed me into the ground.
"Get yo a$ up and make yo man some food." I noticed the lipstick stain on his collar. I know he cheats but it still makes me upset. I've been holding back for a long time hoping things will turn around. Makes me wonder does he actually loves me. I got up and did as he said. I don't want to disobey him and end up in the hospital again.
I mad him some pancakes. That was his favorite. I gave him his plate and went into the living room. I turned on my favorite show spongebob. Trevon only allows me to watch cartoons. He thinks I'll see a cute man and fall in love with him. I know it's nonsense but I don't want to talk about it.
A few minutes later Trevon came into the living room and sat next to me. He put his arm around me and kissed my forehead. Times like this makes me have hope for us. Maybe one day he'll get therapy and change.
"I love you." Lies I thought to myself. You don't love me. If you loved me you wouldnt do this to me. But then again maybe that's how he show his affection for me. Before I knew it I was in a deep slumber.
Trevon's p.o.v
After Jamie fell asleep I decided to do something good for her. I was going to take her out for a walk on the beach under the stars and hsve a pic nic. I went to the store to pick up some strawberries for our little pic nic. Out of my peripheral vision I saw a curvy girl looking at me.
"Like what you see." I said with my signature smirk on my face. The girl's face went red.
"oh my gosh I feel so embarrassed."
"So what's your name?" I asked her admiring her beautiful body. She made me forget all about Jamie.
"Layla." She said smiling sheepishly. I got her where I wanted her. It looks like she works out. Now I'm going to have to tell Jamie to do yoga. I'm not bout to let her push weights and do pull ups she might leave me and try to fight.
"I'm David." I lied to her. I don't want these easy girls knowing my name.
"Let me get your number." Layla then got a pen and paper out her pusre and wrote down a number. I stared at her as she walked down the aisle. I went to the register and paid for my stuff and left. It was 5:39 when I walked in the house. I woke Jamie up for she can get ready.
Jamie's p.o.v
When Trevon woke me up saying he has a surprise for me I was excited. Maybe he is starting to change for the better. Or at least I hope.
I walked along behind Hak, Yun, Gija, Jeaha, Zeno, and of course, Yona. We we're on the way to a place where we could rest. Yona looked towards a little lake that was on our right, "Hey, can I go put my feet in the water, Hak?" Hak sighed, "Yes, Princess, we'll go with you." Yona looked dissapointed, "I want to go alone." Hak shook his head, "Just take one person with you, the rest of us will rest here." Yona looked at all of us, dang, I wish she would pick me. "Sinha, you can come with me." Hak, Gija, and Jeaha all laughed, "You would pick him over us?" Jeaha mocked, "He's too shy and weak. Why don't you take me, princess? I can show you how to swim." Hak's face went stern, "No, Jeaha, in this case i'm a little glad she chose Sinha." I felt a little hurt, I never knew that Jeaha thought I was weak. Yona grabbed my hand, excited, and pulled me along to the lake. "Hurry Sinha! It won't be long before Hak makes me come back." I let her drag me along, and sat next to her at the edge of a rock. She looked at my mask, suspiciously. "I want to take that mask off, Sinha. Can I?" I looked down and whispered, "I don't want to hurt you." Without warning, she grabbed my mask off of my face. I was stunned, as she grabbed my face and looked me in the eyes. I gasped slightly, she didn't get hurt. "Yona..." "Sinha, you have beautiful eyes. I wish I could see them more often." And she kissed me, on the lips. My heart skipped a beat, in shock, but returned her kiss. Our eyes met and locked, as she wrapped her arms around my neck. I pulled back, but leaving her arms around me, "What if Hak catches us?" "I don't care about Hak. Sinah, I love you." This was my chance, to tell Yona how I felt about her. Words could barely form in my mind, but I dragged her to my chest and whispered, "I love you too, Yona."
Τ :Επιτελους!Τελειωσαμε και με αυτο..αντε να δουμε τα αποτελεσματα!Σον:Αντε, ηρθε το καλοκαιρι!Τ:Αχχ επιτελους..ξεκουραση!Σ:Γιατι καλε, απο τι κουραζοσουν;Τ:Απο το διαβασμα.Σ:Ναι οκ..τι αλλο θα ακουσουμε...Η Κατρινα βγηκε;Τ:Οχι δεν εχει βγει ακομα....οπ να την ερχεται!Κ:Γειαα!Ουφφ επιτελους!Τελειωσαμε!Σ:Ναι επιτελους...Κ:Αχχ...θα ρθειτε σημερα;Τ:Που;Κ:Τι που ρε; Στο παρτυ του Μαικ.Τ: Αα ναι ρε...Κ:Ωραια..τι λετε να κανουμε τωρα;Σ:Θελετε να ρθειτε σπιτι μου;Τ:Αντε παμε.
Λοιπον...καπως ετσι ξεκινανε ολα....απο αυτο το παρτυ.Καταρχην δεν σας συστηθηκα: Κατρινα Πράις. Μενω στην Καλιφορνια και ειμαι 15 ετων.Ο Τομ και ο Σον ειναι οι κολλητοι μου.Ο Τζος το αγορι μου...μαλλον...το πρωην αγορι μου.Ειναι μεγαλη ιστορια..θα δειτε στην συνεχεια...τι ελεγα; Α ναι.., αυτο το παρτυ ειναι η αιτια που τα βραδια δεν μπορουσα να κοιμηθω, που τον σκεφτομουν καθε μερα...(θα δειτε για τι πραγμα μιλαω).Ας αρχισουμε λοιπον...
(συνομιλια skype με τον Toμ)
Τ:Οο Κατρινα!Καθε φορα που εχουμε να παμε σε καποιο παρτυ ολο αυτα μου λες...Τι να βαλω, αχχ δεν ξερω τι να φορεσω, θελω την γνωμη σου και μπλα μπλαα! (ειπε με κοροιδευτικη φωνη)Κ:Βρε Τομι μου...ποιον να ρωτησω;Αφου εσυ εισαι ο κολλητος μου.Τ:Πρωτον, υπαρχει και ο Σον...δευτερον, γιατι δεν ρωτας την Αντα και την Καρλι; Κ:Ουφφ...πρωτον ο Σον δεν ξερει απο αυτα...Τ:Ενω εγω ξερω!Κ:Εεε...ναι...οσο να ναι...εχεις μεγαλωσει με 3 αδερφες και την μαμα σου.Τ:Και τι θες να πεις με αυτο;Κ:Οτι εχεις μεγαλωσει με κοριτσια και ξερεις λιγο απο αυτα...και δεν ρωταω την Αντα και την Καρλι γιατι η Αντα ποτε δεν μου λεει τι να βαλω...ολο: Αχχ δεν ξερω, βαλε κατι αλλο, μ αρεσουν και τα δυο...Και η Καρλι δεν εχει καθολου γουστο!Τ:Καλαα..λεγε επιλογες...(ειπε ξεφυσωντας)Κ:Το ξερα πως θα με βοηθαγες...λοιπον..πρωτη επιλογη: μαυρη φουστα, μπορντο κορμακι και ολ σταρ...και δευτερη: μπλε σκουρο φορεμα, ξερεις αυτο που πηραμε μαζι, με βανς...λεγε.Τ:Εεε...το πρωτοΚ:Ωραιααα..παω να αλλαξωωω..περιμενε, μην φυγεις.Τ:Οκ..
Πηγα στο μπανιο και ντυθηκα.Εβαλα μολυβι και λιγο μασκαρα.Χτενισα τα μαλλια μου και τα αφησα ετσι οπως ειναι (ισια) και πηγα στο δωματιο μου.
Τ:Απαπαπα τι κουκλα ειναι αυτη;Κ:Ευχαριστω Τομιι  μου ! (ειπα και του στειλα ενα φιλακι)..λοιπον, ο Σον μου στειλε μηνυμα πως ειναι ηδη εκει..θες να περασεις να παμε μαζι;Τ:Δεν θα πας με τον Τζος;Κ:Δεν μπορει, αρρωστησε....τι γκαντεμια εε;Τ:Ναι..καλαα....περαστικα ...λοιπον, οκ.Θα περασω να σε παρω..θα σε παρω τηλ να κατεβεις.Κ:Οκ Τομιι...τα λεμε!Τ:Αντε μπαι.
Καθομουν στο δωματιο μου και περιμενα να με παρει τηλεφωνο ο Τομ.Σκεφτομουν τον Τζος..να τον παρω ή να μην τον παρω; Αν κοιμαται;Ναι αλλα αμα δεν κοιμαται; Δεν ηξερα τι να κανω...τελικα δεν τον πηρα...μα καλα και αυτος ποτε προλαβε και αρρωστησε; Σημερα ηρθε κανονικα σχολειο, εδωσε και πηγε με τα παιδια για φαγητο το μεσημερι. Τελος παντων...που λετε, ο Τζος ειναι 16, παει 2α λυκειου δηλαδη (εγω 1η)..ειναι ψηλος, εχει αθλητικο σωμα, μαυρα μαλλια και σκουρα πρασινα ματια.Ειναι πολυ ομορφος..Ομως με την παρεα που κανει εχει γινει πολυ..."αλητακι"..καπνιζει,πινει...τελος παντων..που ειναι καλε ο Τομ; Τι κανει τοση ωρα; και καθως ελεγα αυτα τα λογια αρχιζα να σκεφτομουν ποσο ομορφος ειναι...αυτα τα καστανα ματια που σε κοιτανε με απορια...αχχ...τι σκεφτομαι;;  ειπα και κουνησα το κεφαλι μου να διωξω τις σκεψεις. Η αληθεια ειναι οτι ο Τομ μου αρεσε πολυ στην τριτη γυμνασιου...νταξ ημουν ερωτευμενη μαζι του...ξαφνικα χτυπησε το κινητο μου.Ηταν ο Τομ.Πηρα το κινητο μου και κατεβηκα κατω γρηγορα. Οταν τον ειδα τον αγκαλιασα.Τ:Παμε;
Οταν φτασαμε στο σπιτι του Μαικ, ολα τα παιδια ηταν  εκει..οχι μονο απο το λυκειο αλλα και παιδια της 3ης γυμνασιου.Ψαχναμε να βρουμε τον Σον, μα πουθενα.Μετα απο λιγο, τον ειδαμε να χορευει με την Καρλι...Η Καρλι ειναι ερωτευμενη μαζι του..ο Σον παλι..λεει πως δεν του αρεσει καποια...εγω ομως αυτο δεν το πιστευω.Θα μαθω συντομα ομως. Πηγαμε διπλα του και μετα πηγαμε ολοι μαζι και κατσαμε στην βεραντα.
Κ:Σονιι;Σ:Ελα Μπελλα μου.Κ:Μην με λες ετσι!Ξερεις οτι το μισωω!
Μπελλα ειναι το δευτερο μου ονομα.Ναι...Κατρινα Μπελλα Πραις...οτι να ναι...
Σ:Καλα θα σε λεω Κατ..λεγε Κατ μου.Κ:Αα το προτιμω! Σονιι..τρεχει κατι με την Καρλι;  Σ:Οχι...αφου ξερεις οτι δεν μου αρεσει ΚΑΘΟΛΟΥ!Κ:Και τοτε γιατι χορευες μαζι της;Σ:Γιατι μου ζητησε να χορεψουμε και δεν ηθελα να της πω οχι...κακο ειναι;Κ:Ιιι ειπα εγω οτι ειναι κακο;Απλα ρωτησα αν τρεχει κατι βρε Σονι!Τελος παντων, παω λιγο στο μπανιο.
Οταν εφυγα, ο Τομ ετρεξε προς στον Σον.
Τ:Σον!!Κοιτα!Σ:Τι εγινε καλε;Τ:Βρε κοιτα που σου λεω!Σ:ΤΙ;;;; Αυτος ειναι ο Τζος;;; Και ποια ειναι αυτη...που τον αγκαλιαζει και τον φιλαει;Τ:Δεν ξερω, αλλα τι θα κανουμε με την Κατρινα; Πρωτον της ειπε ψεματα οτι ειναι αρρωστος..στο φβ λεει οτι ειναι  στο παρτυ του Λουκ και δευτερον και σημαντικοτερο: ΑΠΑΤΑΕΙ ΤΗΝ ΚΑΤΡΙΝΑΑ!Σ:Ωω παναγια μου! Αν το μαθει η Κατρινα...Κ:Τι να μαθω;
Ειπα κοιτωντας τους αποριμενη....
A Parisian street mime was so committed that he actually got stuck in his imaginary box and then died of starvation in the year 1843!
Trọng Sinh Đái Trứ Khuê Mật Tẩu Mạt ThếTên gốc :重生带着闺蜜走末世
Tác giả : Tùy Vân Lưu Thủy - 随云流水
Thể loại : Trọng sinh, cường cường, mạt thế, HE.Editor: Khuê MậtTình trạng bản gốc: HoànTình trạng edit: lết~ing
Nguồn: http://vn-sharing.net/forum/showthread.php?t=50488


Văn án: Mạt thế tới, tình bạn tình người đều bị phản bội,  chỉ có duy nhất hai người tin tưởng nhau, cùng nhau sống sót. Nhưng trời  trêu lòng người, khiến họ phải rời xa nhau. Được trọng sinh, liệu hai  người  có thể thoát khỏi số phận kiếp trước? Hay một lần nữa rơi vào  tình cảnh vạn kiếp bất phục!
AuroraSimpson This Chapter is for you for making the covers for my other books.
Song of Chapter: Arsonists Lullaby By Hoizer.
* March 13th 1870*
The graveyard was in the middle of nowhere, secluded from human sight by a dense forest, yet it still held funerals and the dead would still lay still. People would say it was haunted but you wouldn't listen; because that's what everyone said about every graveyard, and then every horror film would start with someone walking into it or a haunted house. They would then go missing and be killed, because they did not listen simply because they didn't care; so this is where the story will start just like every other horror book.
The storm was at its peak as the girl briskly ran through it trying to get away, you could clearly sense the fear and adrenaline from the girl and it didn't help that the rain was so heavy; she couldn't see making it difficult for her to hide. Behind her was a tall man dressed in black following her, from him you couldn't sense any fear; he didn't even show no emotion but you could practically feel the anger coming from him in waves. He was a hunter and she wasn't human. The mysterious man carried a bow and arrow and a sword that was dipped in the blood of an innocent; the blood of an innocent? you may ask well be warned it was the only way they could be killed he thought to himself.
"You can't hide from me forever girl, not even the dead can help you now" he darkly chuckled hearing a branch snap to his left; His eyes darted towards the left and his eyes adjusted to the dark, making it so he could just make out a figure. He made a decision to carry on taunting the poor girl,
"What a poetic way to die in a cemetery where you will be left to rot 6 feet under, you won't be mourned there are not a lot of you left..... We killed you all" he yelled trying to provoke the young girl. Making her angry would provoke her to use her power and become weak, she didn't fall for it.
Meanwhile the girl young girl had managed to stumble her way towards the gates, the thunder rattled on and the rain pelted the cars nearby. But no one would hear her scream, she would die alone frightened and the man knew.
"JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!!! I don't want to die" she screeched, the voices that had haunted her throughout her whole life had disappeared. Even they knew to run. I won't give up now she thought and continued to stumble through the cemetery, tripping over gravestones as she went. She looked around to find a place to hide but was met by a forest; and of course loads of graves, occasionally as she ran her dress would get caught on something causing her to slow down.
"BOOM! CRASH! The thunder rumbled and a stroke of lighting lit up the whole sky, bright enough for the girl to notice the hunter was behind her; The man walked closer to her chuckling darkly, trying to scare her.
"LEAVE ME ALONE" She threw her hands out in front of her causing the man to fly back around 10 feet; crashing into the muddy ground, he got back up grabbing his muddy bow and shooting an arrow at the girl. It hit her in the shoulder but that wouldn't stop her, she snapped the arrow in half and threw it on the ground. She was bleeding out and that was making her weak, she knew now that she had to result to her powers as much as she hated them. The Girl rotated her hand clockwise causing a transparent like figure to appear and throw itself towards the man, he dove out the way just in time.
"Hahaha your powers won't help you I've been trained remember" his muddy hands lunged for the girl and grabbed her leg pulling her down with him.
"Boys I've got the target what shall I do?" He spoke into the walkie talkie; they were advanced in technology compared to the human world, I mean who would have a walkie talkie in 1870. The girl was getting weaker and her struggles of trying to escape failed. There was a crackle sound through the communicater before a reply.
"Do what we do best kill her"
The hunter turned the girl onto her back so all she could see was the nights sky; and all she could feel was the rain hitting her face making her cold, this is it she thought this is where it all ends. And for what a life I didn't even choose; the man looked right into her eyes and all he could see was fear but he didn't care, and so he plunged the knife into her heart, watching her life bleed out before him and her cries for help getting quieter and quieter. Then life left her, her eyes glowed a bright blue and a blue cloud of smoke left her mouth, and then she was dead. The man didn't feel guilty or feel any remorse; instead he felt happy that he had fulfilled his duty.
The hunter stood up leaving her there and walked away, this was his job and it needed to be stopped but there was enough people to do it. It was war between the girls kind and the hunters, but the hunters were winning and fast. Meanwhile all the other side could do was watch, watch their kind die.
"The clairvoyant girl is dead she won't be troubling us no more" he spoke into the walkie talkie as he made his way out of the graveyard, leaving the dead girl there forgotten....
A/N This is my new book Clairvoyant hoped you enjoyed the first chapter, it would be call if you could check out and vote for my other books On the Run and the Girl who lived. Anyway tell me what you think, I will update soon.Thanks xx
There was two kingdoms one kingdom is called the blue blood the other kingdom is the red blood. Let's just say the two kingdoms don't get along. The blue blood king took the red bloods daughter and raised her. The young girl didn't like her father so she decided to run away to the red blood kingdom. People say if you cross the bridge you are cursed to your death. The girl didn't listen and past the bridge. The red blood was now happy to have there daughter back. One day the blue blood kings son passed the bridge and saw the red blood princess he fell in love. Every day the meet by a tree tell one day one of the blue bloods knights decided to follow the young prince. They saw the red blood princess they had to think fast so they killed her. The young prince was upset so he sentence the knight to death.
The young prince was now a king. Ever since his love died his heart turn cold as ever. He didn't feed his people. Finally everyone died even the red blood kingdom died. 400000 years later a group of kids figured out the kingdom and called it the land of the forgotten. The kids went in and they went missing. If you go in the land of forgotten then you never leave.
So this fanfiction is for penguins_bae she's my best friend and just fml this is my OTP rn besides Phan, Troyler, and some other ones cx. The girl in the picture (and also cover) is the main character named "Kayla". Anyway byee enjoyy xoxo :p
Kayla's POV
Beep, beep, beep, I wake up to the sound of my alarm being a cunt. Woke me up at the best part. Calum and I were about to kiss. Ugh the fangirl struggle. I get up from bed and brush my hair in the mirror deciding that the usual "natural down" style is good enough for today. I put on concealer because flaws galore and mascara because eyelashes be short af. I stick my tongue out in the mirror making several funny faces then realize that it's time to brush my teeth and eat breakfast. I groan and stand up walking downstairs to the bathroom (my room is the attic). I start to brush my teeth while looking at Twitter thinking about what I should have for breakfast. BUZZ BUZZA text from my best friend, Izzy or as labeled in my phone "Bbeyoncé". texts:Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyy
Heeeey brushing my teeeeeethhh
Brusha Brusha Brusha 🎧
Omfg 😂
Shhh
You going to school today?
Duh, gotta see my bæ yo
True, true
Hahaha
I laugh and finish brushing my teeth. Time for food!!!!! What to eat, what to eat, I think to myself. Cereal. Simple and quick. I grab a bowl, milk, and of course Captain Crunch (or as my friend nicknamed it "Calum Crunch"), my favorite cereal. I sit down and start eating. I open up my twitter account "thattumblrgurl_" and tweet 'Eating Captain Crunch Im so cool'. I literally tweet just to tweet sometimes. I smile a bit enjoying my wonderful food then realize, today's the first day of school, DUN DUN DUN! I groan at the thought of school and finish my cereal. I run back up my stairs realizing something else, I'm still in pajamas. I put on a red flannel that's actually for guys and is an XL, oops. I also put on black skinny jeans, my all black converse and grab my book bag. I begin to double check to make sure I have everything. All ready, let's do this. I rush out the door heading to my bus stop. Time to go to hell.
Warning it has cutting scene and depression stuff but Alexis will try to stop that
Zaks pov:I check my phone and look at my home screen it was a picture of my crush she was in my class I had a picture with her when we went on a field trip I made it my home screen.i put on a long sleeved shirt and blue jeans making sure it hid my cuts I quietly grab my backpack and head to the kitchen my mom was sleeping she gets drunk and tells me stuff about my child hood I was basically a mistake mom forgot to wear protection so I was made my dad broke up with her after and left us but I'm bullied to do I grabbed a lunch I made yesterday for myself and head to the bus I sat down and a bully came to me calling me a fag and when he almost was gonna punch me a hand punched the arm and then I heard a sweet but loud voice Leave him alone she said! Surprised I turn to see then a girl with a pink dress purple leggings pink socks and pink shoes with rosy red hair and emerald eyes with freckles pushed him she sat next to me putting her poker dot backpack on the ground she introduced her self hi I'm Alexis I'm really tuff so I can be your body guard she grinned she was jumping to stuff I just agreed she smiled and told me that we're best friends since she "saved my life" I sigh and agree I guess we have the same classes for everything I say as she shows me her schedule we exchanged phone numbers and got out of the bus
Alexis's pov: I think I like him when I seen him writing in math he had cuts on him arm I frown but keep writing the teachers just write on the board and make us copy it down.they don't do anything else they just go through there phones which was easy for us. But I see Zak look at a girl with blue hair a lot I wonder if he likes her I get that thought out of my head I don't think sad thoughts it makes me angry and sad and depressed.Lunch time..
Alexis pov: me and Zak sit down at a table for 2 at the cafeteria Zak don't mind me asking but do you self harm I say frowning while opening my bag of chips he looked surprised like if I said I did it and then he looked down and said yes.i looked at him well thankfully today's a Friday I said trying to Change the subject he laughed and said ya. So Zak do you fancy the blue haired girl in our class he blushed and nodded My heart broke but I'm not gonna let her win.I head into the girls bathroom and see my best friend Vicky I told her everything except for the part were he cuts she looks and me and tells me she has a plan she grabs my hand and takes me to the table hello Zak Vicky says I know your Alexis's friend and I want you to come to our grouping today games and food we will have me you Alexis and Dennie there.
Zaks pov: denies going! Maybe I should go sure I say when is it?Vicky today at 4 here's the address 4 is in 2 hours I say. Today may be my lucky day? Or maybe not
It all scared me.
Packing up and leaving Philly.  This place had been my home for 25 years, and now I have to pack up and move to Chicago.
Ya, it's because I got my dream job and I'll have my best friends with me, but still.
I should have never quit hockey.  I could have played for team USA, and - this is insane.  What am I doing?  I didn't work so hard my whole live to prove to people that girls can play hockey, ya we already knew that.  I did it to show them that a girl could be in the NHL.   Ya I won't be playing but I'm still IN the NHL.  When you look on the bench, what do you see?  Players, coaches, equipment managers, medical personnel.  And what makes them the same?
All guys.
I'll be able to follow in my grandpa's footsteps.  And I love the Blackhawks.   What am I even complaining about?
I get up off of the floor - all my furniture got picked up yesterday - and go over to one of the many, many boxes holding my hockey knick~knacks.  I open one and pick up a pile of old pictures out of the top of a box.
There he is.  My Pop, holding good old Stanley on the ice at the Spectrum with his Flyers hat & Flyers staff jacket, which was right under the pictures in the box.  God I miss him so much.  If there's one thing I learned from him before he passed, is to never stop going after my one goal in life.  He did it.  I can too.  Maybe he never got to play in the NHL.  Neither will I, but he still got what he always wanted, the Stanley Cup and so much more.  Being the Flyers equipment manager, he bonded friendships with the players.  He got an amazing seat during games.  He got to be an equipment manager at the olympics.
I'm going to be able to be with this team when they win the Stanley Cup.  And even if not, I made it to the NHL.  So all the people in my life that told me I can't do it, you can all go suck it.
I hear Danielle's car outside of my house.  Not only did I get my dream job, but my best friends are coming with me.  They all got jobs working with the Hawks too.  Jess is going to be working with the department that creates fangear, Nav and Danielle get to work as producers in the front office, and Haylie got a job as an ice girl.
Before I can put the pictures away they come storming into my house.  I met them all in college, we went to Drexel.
"Lets go!  Put your crap away we have to be at the airport soon!" Haylie screams at me.
"Shut up" I say laughing don't rush me.  "Let's go equipment manager you can't change your mind now" Nav said beginning to pick up my boxes.  She's right but it still makes me sad to leave home.
"Come on guys this is hard for me.  I love this place.  This is where my life is, I've always been here.  You all just came for college but if you had lived here longer you would understand how hard it is."
"Exactly" started Jess who was now also grabbing boxes, "You've been here your whole life, you didn't  even leave for college!  It's time for you to get out".  Ugh maybe she's right.  We all grab as many boxes as possible, and the moving crew gets the rest.  Carrying the boxes we head out to the car.
"Besides" Haylie says "Maybe getting this job was a sign that you need to patch things up with your mom."
All of us shoot her a glare, the worst coming from me.
"Oh come on, it's been 13 years.  I would have thought you got over it by now.  I mean, don't you think you're going to have to talk her her about this with all of your time on the bench her seats ARE right behind the Hawks' bench."
"Yes, thank you so much Haylie that was not the first thing I thought of when I was offered the job and it is definitely not a reason I was debating even taking the job."
As we load the trunk and get in the car, I begin to think that maybe I wasn't scared to leave home, but I was scared to face the woman that abandoned me until I was 12.
Danielle started her car and began to drive to the airport.  She rolled down her window and yelled "Chicago here we come!"
The last thing I see before I zone out for the rest of the ride is the Wells Fargo Center.  Goodbye place I've only ever truly felt real happiness in my life.
Goodbye Flyers.
Goodbye Philly.
In my sixteen years of life, I was always quick to think love was supposed to be a walk in the park with the sun shining down on you and your lover as you both take in each others company and embrace it for the rest of time. I thought love only took place in movies and it was supposed to make you smile and make you feel as if all the cloudy skies were to turn into the clearest of clear days. Experiences can differentiate your thoughts and opinions about certain things you were definite about before. So let me ask, what exactly is love?
Answers were hard to grasp when there's more than one answer to a simple question. All I seemed to understand was, love can be anything. It can take place anymore, any moment, in anything and also - in anyone. Love was supposed to hurt you. Love was also supposed to make you happiest. Sometimes love is mutual, sometimes love is not. Love can be amazing and love can be dangerous. Love is anything.
Love is also unexpected.
I didn't expect to fall in love, I didn't expect anything at all.
I was able to fall in love with an arrogant, sneaky man who was also full of delight and feelings. A man who was capable to overrun his own mafia and also capable to overrun my heart. Though the way of how I fell in love isn't so delightful or so marvelous, I am not ashamed. I am not ashamed of falling in love.
So as I write in my journal from my bedroom, I can only reminisce in the limited amount of time I got to share with this man. I am ready to say, this is my story.
::
HI OMG , okay so i've decided to make an actual story with an actual plot and setting and everything. I have another story its daddy kink ((-; LOL but i actually wanted to start an actual story with feelings and plot twists and all sorts.
Quick disclaimer, if you are offended or sensitive to sexual content, violence and death - i suggest you click away from this story and read something that suits your criteria. Anyways, hopefully I can update the first chapter today or tmmrw! Im so excited to start this story I tried so hard to make this as original as possible.
But ayyyeee professional sex business harry (;
I hope this prologue was good and hope all of you enjoyed.

"Please! Stop! You're gunna hurt the baby!" "You think I care about that you Targariyan bitch!" My name is Allison of the house Targariyan, I have been being abused by the wildlings since I was 10, the only friend I have amoungst them is Egrit, she is like a big sister to me. Ever since I found out I was pregnant she has done everything she can to help me, when I get sick she holds my hair, once I had a fever and she stayed with me day and night until it passed. "I'm done with you now! Don't leave this tent! You ain't coming to my tent!" That was the second time this week he had raped me, but it was never that painful, I look down and I am bleeding from my lower region, I am crying and shaking and sweating, I am in so much pain. Just then Egrit runs into the tent. "Allison!" She runs over to me and embraces me, "Here, lie down," she pushes me back against the pillows, she then gets a bucket of warm water and a cloth, she cleans me up and dresses me, "I'm so sorry that I couldn't stop this from happening to you, you don't deserve this treatment," she strokes my hair as she says this. I move a hand to my belly, thinking of the baby, "I just hope that it didn't hurt the baby," Egrits hand moves to my belly, "Allison, your baby will be strong because you are strong, once you are strong enough again I am honing to get you out of here," she places a kiss on my forehead, "But Egrit, I don't want to leave you here, come with me!" Egrit thinks for a moment and then pulls the fur blankets up to my chin and places a hand to my forehead, "You have a fever my little one," "Egrit, you didn't answer me," She goes back to the warm water and places the cloth on my forehead, "If I go with you my little one, you will be in danger, no one will trust you if you are with a wildling," "I don't care, I'm not leaving here without you!" "Shhhh, shhhh ok ok, I will come with you, just let me take care of you here first, we can't leave with you having a fever, just be patient," she continues to wet the cloth place it to my forehead then wet it again and place it again, finally we both fell asleep to the sound of falling snow.
HEY GUYS!  SO I HOPE YOU LIKE IT SO FAR!!  I KNOW I STILL HAVENT FINISHED MY OTHER ONE YET BUT I JUST GOT SUPER INTO GAME OF THRONES SO I COULDNT RESIST!!  LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK SO FAR IN THE COMMENTS!!
~_~_~_~_~_~_~In the books I write for you all. It shows I'm happy and full of hope and filled with wonders. But if you READ and looked closer. You can see it all reach to the point of my dark self. I am going to talk about dark things that I wanted to take off my chest. Some will stay but others won't. I mean, doesn't everyone have a dark side? ~_~_~_~_~_~_~
Don't you ever get that feeling where you could be happier when you hurt yourself. To get rid of that pain that haunts you everywhere you go. It helps but it's not permanent. Trust me, when I go dark. And it happens at night. I love to see and smell the small pure red liquid drip. The pain smoothing me. I say I'm fine. You could see my whicked smile. But look deeply into my eyes and see for yourself. Am I really fine?
Running, running once again from the angry teenage dirt bags who I robbed. Hey, I was going to give them back the wallet because it could only probably get you maybe fifty seven cents, and what could that buy you in Gotham? Please, a chocolate bar is about four dollars and fifty around here. As I dodge trash cans and dart down allyways I finally start to shake them off my tail. Yes! I sat down on a emphy dumpster and started to count my profit. Exactly four dollars and fifty cents. Oo I could buy a chocolate bar. Then I see them gallantry standing down on the streets. Miss.Martian and Superboy flying.above the team while the rest huddle around Robin and two other people. Like machines they all turn and look at me, as I see those teenagers ice cold dagger fingers strait right at me, I felt like there was a giant neon sign lit up declaring I was the one who stole there stuff! Gulping down a lump in my throat I decided to take them head on and admit my mistakes and plead not to go to jail, you know try to be friendly and settle. A bright streak of red fires at me and burns my right arm. You know what? I dont think they want to be friends, so going with plan b, I turn and run for my life. Instantly, I realize my mistake as KidFlash picks me off my feet and starts running, with me, in his arms. Okay, this was not okay, I think I might call up child abuse on this guy for stealing me. All the stolen money falls out of my pocket as it twists and tumbles through the air, there goes my chocolate bar. He had been running for a while, where was he going? And shouldn't he be there now since, you know, "fastest kid alive"? Getting quite dizzy from the lack of good air, I decide to heat things up, literally. One reasons why I haven't been caught for stealing for so long, a year to be exact, is because like the young justice, I possessed my own type of superpowers. Closing my eyes I take a deep breath and slowly feel my body start to heat up and the red body marks start to appear all over my body. Then, Poof! Im on fire. KidFlash, screaming, drops me to the ground and I instantly roll up and jump to my feet. I put on my game face as I try to look either scarry or intimidating, but I'm pretty sure I just looked like a soft, furry puppy, that was on fire. KidFlash rolling around on the ground, crying, was waling like a baby "She burned me! She burnt me!" It appeared that he couldn't decide on burned or burnt me, I liked burned a little better. Shaking off that thought I get my head in the game as I see Aqualad spray KidFlash with a stream of water. "Better?" He asks calmly, I wonder if he didn't know that I was standing here, on fire, when he had water at his source. "I hope your happy burning woman because I am nevar caring you again! Nope!" He snaps his fingers and stands back with the group with both hands on his hips, real intimidating. They all just stand there, like they were waiting for something, but for what? Wait! Where was robin? A high pitch laught interrupts my thoughts as I turn to see him spiraling tords the ground to my position. Running trying to get out of the way I barge into superboys huge, cloned chest. Screaming like a baby bird, he grabs me in his hands, when I was completely on fire, and hurdles me at a wall. My head hits the wall strait on and I can feel the wall crack from the impact. Okay, okay I was so done here. Miss.Martian comes at me for a fight and like the wimp I am, I transform into my bird form, well phoenix form and I take flight into the sky. My flame wings flaps and send embers sprawling down to the ground as they stare at me in shock. They went attacking me, weird. I really actually hated my bird form, why? Because I had non coming thoughts about how juicy and fat that worm was or how tender that rabit was. And due to these thoughts I have caught and ate numerous rabbits, worms and other birds. Just so you know, worms tast like dirt.
Coraline: age : 20 of course ... Appearance : she's British , has pale skin , ice blue eyes , dark red hair that's sometimes up in a long straight high ponytail or a bun she also has a side fringe , black nose ring , makeup , piercings , black glossy doc martens with zips and light and dark purple laces, light blue and dark blue tie dyed ripped skinny jeans , black shirt with white Skeleton ribs , black and red leather jacket with a hood and on the back is has writing , black lighting bolt leather choker necklace
Coraline's boyfriend Nathan : age : 21 , he's also British , he's the guy in the picture .
Simon : age : unknown , appearance : black combat boots with spikes , black skinny jeans , black hoodie, the hood covers his whole face , you will find out his appearance later in the story
Other characters will be added later .
"this woman, this girl. i just can't get enough of her, she is my destiny, my one true love."
-
this one will be sad, humorous, and cute so yeah.
You stared at the door.as the night came and it was only 2:00.but then your legs were cold so you got up and closed the window.But when it was 4:00 you had a bad dream."what the llama just happen!? You said.but then you turned had saw your window open again so you closed it.
You had a strange feeling that you were being watched."Hello(y/n)"a deep but yong voice said.
"Who are you? You said with a scared voice,"Go you sleep"the voice said  again.You closed your eyes and getting ready to feel the pain.but then you felt a sharp thing on you neck."(Y/n) go to sleep"the voice said again."who are you?! So screamed.BUTthen you felt something that was raping around your waist.You closed your eyes.getting ready.but noting happen.You looked up to see who it was and it had a dark black hair, a pail body and the mouth looked like it was carved.
You were about to scream but you felt a finger shhushing you."shh"the voice said."What do you want from me? You said."I am jeff..jeff the killer"jeff said."I-i am (y/n)"
You get out of your bed and turn on a lamp."I need you"jeff said.:what the llama?! "You look cute""Say that again!! You said
But than you felt a little kiss on your cheek."jeff!! You said."I just want some one to love me!!"Yeah but i dont really know! !"Plz"he says"I mean i date a killer!!! Wtf jeff!! You say
No matter how many times I refused to come to this party, I was already teased and humiliated in school. Still, my only friends had managed to get me out of the house this night.
Now, here I am in this crowded living room, holding a warm cherry cola and looking around. My 'friends' ditched me as soon as we stepped into the threshold of the front door. Now I'm was alone in a sea of people.
"Hey look, it's the faggot wearing a batman costume." A girl who bumped into me said.
"Hey look guys he's wearing his faggot ass glasses with this costume" her boyfriend answered, laughing hysterically as if it was the funniest thing in the world. A few more people joined in the laughter.
I didn't care. I was used to it. Actually, I was bored of it. People who picked on me were like skipping CD's repeating the same geek/faggot jokes over and over. I walked away, checking out everyone's costume as I was headed towards the back porch. I realized I was literally the only one who did dress up. I'd been dragged out of the house in such short notice that this was the only costume I owned.
Besides, i was a senior--surely too old to dress up for Halloween. The October Air felt comfortably cool as I stepped out onto the back porch. The dim light fell on couples making out in dark corners and a few people chatting on that raggedy old couch.
I took off my dark rimmed glasses to wipe off the fog that formed on it with the change of air.
"Elijah!"
I heard a deep male voice approach. I turned to see a blurry figure of a guy. As far as I could see, he had black hair and a.... Robin costume? With a black eye mask with his mismatched looking eyes. I tried to make out when he was near me,but it was no use.
"I've always had a crush on you", the blurry guy declared and next thing I know I'm getting my kissed softly by robin.
"See you at school", he said before turning around and ran. I scrambled to put on my glasses back on quickly. I only caught a glimpse of his wavy black hair and bright green shoes before he disappeared around the corner.
I stayed up all night trying to figure out who the mysterious boy was. There were simply too many black haired guys at school, it would be impossible to figure out just from that. The only other clue I had were his mismatched eyes and the bright green shoes.
I usually walk with my eyes to the ground, and this morning I had a mission. I looked at everyone's shoes in the hallways, in the cafeteria, in the classrooms... I searched, my blue eyes darting from shoe to shoe, so much so that by fifth period I had a huge headache, as if all those shoes had each kicked me in the head.
The same thing went on for two more days, and for two more days i found nothing but a headache. I had made sure to check every brunette guy in school to see if they had green converse shoes, and I found nothing.
By Thursday, I had given up all hope and dismissed the whole thing as a joke. I was pranked on all the time, so I decided to store the incident in the "prank" folder and just forget about it. The kiss was sweet, I loved it, so the joke was on them- I thought.
Friday rolled around and I actually felt glad not to spend my whole day in a frantic shoe-search. I sat in my desk with a sigh, feeling relieved of this daunting chore.
"Hi, Eli", said a deep voice from behind me.
It was Jeremiah, the cute blonde headed boy with bright mismatched eyes-- his left eye was blue and his right eye was green--that sat behind me in homeroom.
"Hey, Remi. What's up?"
"Could you pass this to Zeus for me? He's mad that I kept he's silly costume for a week too long."
I smiled at him, "Sure"
He handed me a paper bag of cloths that had the colors yellow,red and green and on top there was a black eye mask and black hair spray.
Black hairspray?Could it be?
I looked down at his shoes--bright green converse sneakers. I looked up at him, who was flashing a sexy dimpled smile.
"It...its was you..."
"Took you long enough", he whispered.
*Thee end*
I coughed roughly my lungs burning as the monster sprays dirty bad smelling gas in my face. I stumble away from it running away towards the allies carrying the piece of chicken I found. "Momma, momma! I found you some chicken." I run over to my mother who is expecting kits. She looks angry, "What?! Just one piece of chicken, are you trying to starve me Robin?!! Go back out and get me some more food!" She hits me hard on the head with her claws unsheathed opening up a new wound on my face. I yelp in pain as blood starts to flow from the wound, "Yes momma I will I promise!" I run away in search of more food hearing her distant call in the background, "Next time you bring me one piece of food I'll kill you! That's will be your punishment for starving your own mother!" I flinch, but keep running stumbling every once and a while. I murmur to myself, "I'll please you momma I promise."
This is my first book so plz give me a chance.if u Vote andcomment  I would really appreciate it it means a lot to me.
I am trying my best to make it a good book .so enjoy and comment and vote Thanks for reading
My friend:  I want to high five her.... in the face...With a brick. Covered in spikes, dipped in poison.
Me: She can go swimming in acid... in a straight jacket.
My friend: She can choke on her own puke....
Me:.... SHE CAN GO AND STEP ON A LEGO!!!
My friend:.... that's just plain mean....
Me: well, what can I say?
Aubree Ray has known Conrad for four years now, things start getting a bit .. Intimate. But will that continue with the new guy Jason? Especially with all the "bad" he brings with him that some how attracts Aubree into more than a simple kiss. But most of all, how does Conrad feel about all this? And how did Amy, Aubrees best friend, end up in the middle of this mess?
I sit alone, in a corner in one of the booths scanning my surroundings nervously. Most kids were eating their pizza with gusto, when other cheerleader's were daintily picking at there food, staring up dreamily into the jocks face.
I give a small gasp as the one and only, Damon Hunter strolled into the room, his dark sapphire eyes were shimmering and his chiseled face was perfectly defined. He was wearing his leather jacket with a black, T-shirt which was showing his prominent abs and muscles. He was dark blue jeans with his signature smirk on his face, earning a few dreamy sighs from the occasional girls.
His dark sapphire eyes scanned the room, spotting a few attractive cheerleaders, he smirked and winked at them.
I felt my face heat up as I looked away,trying not to seem like a stalker for staring at him for a period of time,
I was so red you would've thought I was related to a cherry.I forced myself to look at the Nearby couple sitting a booth ahead of me, snacking on pizza.
I took note on how the couple was at the edge of their seats dying of laughter, trying not to hurl the already eaten pizza at each other.
A small smile etched on my face as I watched the couple enjoy themselves. " They sure are cute together..." I thought, sighing, longing that type of relationship.
The girl whipped around,her chocolate brow curls flying with her as she noticed the stigma of the crowd's attention. Her petite nose twitched as her eyebrows raised up. She scoffed and nudged her boyfriend, signalling with her eyes to look at the bad-boy-wannabe.
The girl felt like something or someone was boring holes into the back of her head, and so she turned around and caught a shy, introvert trying to sneak peaks at the bad-boy.
She smirked and shouted, "Hey babe! Stop drooling over that fake ass wanna-be-bad-boy."
I practically jumped out of my seat whilst dropping my book on the floor, generally surprised the girl had actually noticed me.
My mouth opened and closed like a fish gulping its food as I tried to find a way to distort that remark.
I looked at the floor as a blush founds its way to my face, making the situation worse.
The girl that yelled at me was sniggering while her boyfriend just looked quite amused by the situation, everyone's gaze was on me and It felt horrible. It's like a thousand lasers going threw your skin.
He slides in the seat next to me, entrapping me in the corner while smiling like a Cheshire Cat.
"Hello... Kitten" he says softly and sensually I could feel his breath on my neck and boy, did it give me goosebumps. I try and give him a small smile as he cocked his head and furrowed his eyebrows. You cold?" I shake my head hesitantly. My heart was pounding in my ears and I was still doing a double-take over the fact, _the_ Damon Hunter would be talking to me.
Throughout the next hour, Damon and I talked about almost everything, our topic ranging from our favourite books to bra sizes which triggered major blushing from me. I'm almost convinced I'm a cherries  third or fourth cousin.
When I thought this day couldn't get any better, he asked me out smiling and taking my hand, I vigorously nod a cute little smile making its way on my features. I embrace him tightly while his fingers trailed down my waist squeezing my ass.
I inaudibly gasped and turned crimson "Oops... sorry, kitten" he whispers quietly in my ear, the smirk he behold told me he wasn't sorry at all.
He picks up my book from the floor and scribbles his number on the back of my book, promptly leaving after winking at me. Four or five girls teetered after him in heels they could barely walk in.
I stood there, shocked out of my mind. I quickly recover to waver off the attention that was wafted towards me. I hurriedly grabbed my book and rushed to the exit.
The girl that shouted at me earlier was leaning against he brick wall near the doorway, her lips smacking on a piece of gum. Her brown eyes were sparkling as she crossed one leg over another. The girl's head turned at the sound of my echoing footsteps and so she lifted herself off the wall and stopped herself right in front of me.
A bright smile forms on her features, "I'm Manana Kamaria babe" she says while throwing a wink at me, triggering a giggle from me.
I give a small giggle taking out my hand, and giving it to her to shake.
"I'm Catalyn Wood" I smile at her while extending my arm, instead of rev expected handshake, she takes my hand,yanks me towards her,and hugs me tightly. " I know we'll be best friends bitch" she smiles brightly causing me to laugh loudly.
The bell on the the top of the door rang signalling that someone had came out. A boy with pitch black hair and piercing brown eyes came out of the parlour's door who I soon recognised as Manana's boyfriend. "He must have paid the bill..." I quietly thought while biting the inside of my cheek.
His blank facial expression changed when a warm smile curved its way onto his face. He offers his hand and I reluctantly grab hold of it. "I'm Cata-" He cuts me off and says, "Little child." With a smirk.
"Little child?" I ask cocking my head to the side, looking at him slightly confused.
"Your name is Little Child" he repeats slowly pronouncing every syllable clearly.
His scruffy, deep voice was laced with the tiniest bit of aggravation and annoyance since he had to repeat what he had just said.
Manana's eyes brighten up as she points to the boy. "This here." She said as she flicks her boyfriends head, "Is Carson Padma."
Suddenly Manana whispers in my ear."Carson here" she whispers quietly, "hates everyone and is a arrogant asshole but, I love him."
Carson smirks having heard what she said,but keeping his face a blank mask.
"Why the fuck did I come here again... Oh yeah!" Manana's curls slightly bobbed up and down as she exclaimed, "I waited out here to warn you about Damon... You seem like a nice girl, compared to all those bitchy, slutty, hoes." She stopped to roll her eyes and and scoff. "that he usually goes out with." Carson nods, his hair shifting slightly over. exposing his right eye.
Carson causally leans into the wall still keeping contact with me," Damon doesn't do relationships, he only dates them for a little fun. He'll end up using you, and then he'll dump you, breaking your heart in the process." Carson calmly says as he closes his eyes.
My eyes stung from the tears that were being held back, as I managed a stiff nod. "Wh what should I do then?" A shiver went down my spine causing me to sniff then break apart, letting out a loose couple of tears, I quickly wiped away the excess tears, wanting to seem strong in front of the couple. Manana's eyes softened...
"It's your choice babe, and whatever you pick, we'll be here to pick you back up" she says in a sweet tone. Manana checks her phone and her expression drops. "Holy shit Carson, we have to go my parents will kill both of us!" Here's my number Cattibabe, I'll see you at school, byee!" Manana explains while blowing me a kiss.
I looked at the notebook piece of paper that had Manana and Carson's number scrawled on it. I quickly inputed their phone numbers and Damon's into my phone. Dread washed over me but I pushed that feeling to the back of my mind, as I finally walked home, with a fake, cheery smiled embraced on my face.
Thanks so much Ravxn_ for editing and helping me make this chapter the best it could be xx this is dedicated to you xxxx ♥️♥️♥
Hello, this is my first time writing poetry on this cite, and I would like for every one reading to enjoy as much as possible.
I am open to suggestions and critiques, so please, don't hesitate to drop in a comment!
Thank you for your time,
Multi-colored
*Neon POV*
I pass the alley of 'Dry Juice' gang,glancing at Mizuki an old friend, that betrayed me.... "Ey, well look who it is, Neon! Why don't you come over here don't ya?" I growl at the comment and slowly trudge into the alley. "What do you want Mizuki?" He was now looking at my clothing of choice... A short top that showed my belly ring and that said 'Rhyme' on it with Black shorts that said 'Touch' on the back of the shorts and combat boots..." Oh you know wanted to say 'Hello' to a distant friend." After his remark, He grabs me by my waist while his stupid gang cheered him on... I am a boxing and rhyme fighting champion.... He must've lost his marbles, If he thinks i'm about to let him rape and touch me!!! I struggle against his strength, I guess he must have practiced since the last time we fought... I couldn't get out of his firm grip.... "SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!" A guy with dread locks and a sexy well built body came charging through the crowds and see Mizuki holding A KNIFE that was now at my throat, seeping into my skin.... The guy with the dread swiftly moves and punches Mizuki square in the jaw, while grabbing my hand in the process pulling me through Mizuki's so-called 'Gang'. "You're welcome." He looks at me...  His face is freaking scary.... "T-Thank you, may I know your name?" He looks up and down at me... "Mink." I nod and look down at my hands to see his hands intertwine with mines and quickly let go... "Do you need a ride home." He looks at the dark streets with lurking people in the night.. I nod .. What are you doing Neon you have so much to live for!!!! "Are you coming or not?" I get on his motorcycle and tell him where to go.. And while doing so we ran 15 red lights without getting hit somehow.. "Thank you." He nods and stares at me all intense.. "Would you like to come in?" He nods and gets off his motorcycle and follows me in the house.. Okay its either he ends up in my bed or I end up on my table naked because we couldn't make it to the bed... But i seriously doubt, he will make a move...
CHAPTER ONE: IN ASHES
Chloe held on tight, the blonde streaks in her hair dull compared to the rest of her. Her hips, her legs, the arc of her calves. Knee socks over stockings under a tight black miniskirt tucked over a grey wool sweater over a thick tweed coat, the one she loved to talk about. The one that belonged to a dead guy.
I studied her eyes, green with gold flecks, the lines around them crinkling. Chloe prided herself on her "resting bitch face", but it was her smile that drew me in. They say the eyes are the windows to the soul. A piece of her soul penetrated her oily, mysterious surface every time she smiled.
"Hit me baby, one more time," I whispered as she kissed me.
Her kisses were short and filled with ecstasy. She let go of me briefly, panting. She chuckled in realization of the Britney Spears quote. "I'm going home," she whispered, wisps of her hair stuck to my cheek.
"Why? What's wrong?" I grasped her nimble hands in my long and calloused ones, trying to get her to stay.
"Don't get me wrong, Adelaide, I love you, but..." she faltered, eyes glued to my own. "I just can't. You wouldn't understand."
"I will understand anything that comes out of your mouth, Chloe, I love you."
She bit her lip. "We're too young, Addie. Too young. For this relationship, for this kind of commentary on social order, for this kind of world."
I offered a half-smile. "Not too young to try, though."
"I have to go, Addie. Goodbye." She slung her cobalt rucksack over her shoulder and drifted out of the jeep, into the gravelly roads illuminated only by the headlights of our car.
Of my car.
I stumbled out awkwardly, just barely managing to switch the car off. Danny would kill me if it needed a new battery. Danny would kill me for the sheer act of taking it while he was at Uni.
I slammed the door shut, a satisfying grunt with a click, and muttered curses as I shoved the keys in my windbreaker pocket. That dead guy coat had one upside, the fact that it was virtually London-proof. Mildly cold weather and heavy, chilly wind became bearable in it. My bright purple windbreaker? Not so much.
I kicked aside a clump of gravel with the toe of my hefty Wellies and stumbled along the road, voice breaking with everything I sang.
"She doesn't love me, she doesn't love me, why should anyone?"
Pretty soon, Alfie must've heard my ramblings, because he came out of the neighboring house. He had long, pretty dark hair and olive skin, beautiful green eyes unmatched to the climate and genetics of London. He smiled at me awkwardly, him still being in a Star Wars tee-shirt and pyjama bottoms, spotted with little moose.
"Are you okay?" he asked, his gravelly prepubescent voice an excellent contrast against the whistling wind.
"Fine," I mustered, voice cracking.
He pursed his lips. "Doesn't sound fine to me," he offered. "Come in. I'll make you hot cocoa."
"I don't want hot cocoa."
"What do you want, then?"
"Chloe."
He broke down, extending his arms. "Come here." he wrapped his hands around my back, and I broke down in tears against his bony shoulder.
We staggered home to his little flat, two flights up. He lived with Jack, my cousin Isabel's boyfriend. I knew Alfie through that connection, and the fact he was the neighbor that baked cookies for everyone when he moved in.
Jack was sitting in a chair, taking up about 2/3 of the main room already. He was shirtless, his default setting, his abs gleaming with sweat. I hated the sheer sight of him. His boxers were plaid with little skulls on them, something a grunge girl would wear. Alfie walked into the room and massaged his shoulder plates, and Jack broke into a sigh. "Ugh," he muttered, pure delight from the agony. Alfie was a gifted baker, musician, and masseuse.
"Two hot chocolates, is it?" Alfie checked.
"Make it three," Jack muttered, opening his laptop. "I've got an English essay due tomorrow."
"That's, um, bad."
Jack looked up at me incredulously. "No shit. You say you're still a freshman?"
I nodded, noticing my painfully stiff body. Jack had the habit of making people intimidated, if not annoyed. He sized me up, eyes startling. I made a conscious effort not to gulp.
"Stop staring down the girl, Jack," Alfie said, peeking his head from the kitchen. He now donned a red pinstriped apron with a frilly collar, three mugs in two hands. "One virgin hot cocoa for the pretty lady," he said, handing me a mug. "And two regulars with a double shot." He laid down the two others. "I have some Jack in the pantry if any of you are interested." he looked at me directly and winked. "Just keep it 'hush hush'."
I wasn't ready for alcohol yet, so I politely thanked him and began drinking. The cocoa was dark and velvety with grainy bits of cinnamon and cayenne pepper. I leaned against the bare wall, made less bare with a small portrait of Jack and Isabel in beachwear from their trip to L.A. I grimaced at the sight of beautiful Isabel, always a step better than me and my brother.
Alfie straddled a chair the way a cool English teacher might, one hand resting on the back of the chair, the other gripping his fiery alcoholic drink. "So, tell me about Chloe."
"We were in Danny's car." I began the story, stopping every few beats or so to sip. I could tell Jack was listening, although he pretended to listen to music coming from his MacBook.
When I finished, the room was dead quiet. I swooshed the remains of my drink like a wine glass, watching the particles swirl in a circular motion.
"I'm so sorry," Alfie said, bending his neck back to finish off his cup. "But I think you're ready for that drink." He pointed to my hands, which I was unaware were shaking tremendously.
Jack ripped the earbuds out and reached into his backpack. A grey flask was hidden in the pencil compartment, and it sounded full. He tossed it to me in a casual swiping movement, and I barely caught it with my open hand. I gently laid my mug down and unscrewed the flask, sniffing the sickly-sweet liquor. The worst I had done was take a sip of my dad's beer with his permission. But this was pure, unadulterated scotch. I closed my eyes and took a swig, the stuff burning my throat.
I gently laid the cap back on and tossed it back to Jack. He tossed it back. "Keep it. I have, like, twenty spares." So I nursed it for the rest of the evening.
It was 3 A.M., with Alfie, Jack and I on the couch watching Friends and making observant commentary on Jack's paper. I turned to the guys. "I don't want to face Eva tonight."
Alfie smirked. "Crash here tonight. I'll get your stuff."
"You sure? I can manage," I offered.
"That windbreaker of yours is meant for the depths of Death Valley, darling." He threw on a hefty parka and jogged out the door.
Jack chuckled. "What a lady killer."
"What do you mean?"
"Not to you, obviously. Alfie's always tried to be that Prince Charming fellow. Ever since freshman year."
"You've been flatmates since freshman year?"
He shrugged. "He was the only one who could stand me." Jack, being Jack, was an avid CrossFit fan, vegan, with little temper for human error. He had early mornings and late nights, and couldn't stand anyone without that capability. The man, simply put, was a health freak with no needs for sleep or human contact. And Alfie was an unhealthy, incredibly social person with no needs for sleep. A match made in heaven.
Alfie returned with two duffel bags full of girls clothes, toiletries, and electronics.
"I'm staying the night, not the rest of my life."
Alfie grinned cheekily. "I like being prepared."
☯☯☯
Hazy, unfamiliar light broke through the window above my bed. Not my bed, a comfy fabric sofa. The scent of fried eggs sent me bolted upwards, my purple socks sliding against the glossy tiles of the kitchen. It was barely seven feet in length, the entire wall covered in cooking utensils. Jack was wearing his nude upper half and black skinny jeans, flipping an omelette.
"Morning," he said, unusually cheerily.
"It's barely dawn," I murmured. "You're up already?"
"I'm actually pretty late today," he offered. He flipped the egg with a flick of his wrist, and in turned in the pan with ease.
"I thought Alfie was the chef," I noticed.
"He's the baker and I'm the cooker. It makes sense that way. Like yin yang, but with cuisine." He turned the cooker off and flung the eggs onto a pretty ceramic plate and handed it to me.
"Oh, no," I said. "I usually get breakfast on the way to school. Starbucks paninis for me."
Jack laughed. "That's a funny joke. Now eat it."
I grabbed a fork from the utensils drawer and clambered back onto the sofa, blanketing myself with the spare duvet. Morning cartoons blazed across the screen.
"What's the meaning of this, Jack?" Alfie demanded. "Morning cartoons? I thought we agreed mornings are for anime, evenings are for sitcoms, and weekender afternoons are for movies."
Jack rolled his eyes. "It's not an exact science. Now enjoy Looney Toons."
Alfie whipped out his phone, tapped a few buttons, and pretty soon some Japanese characters flung short bursts of yelling at one another.
"Not Free! again," Jack whined. "Isabel's mum is confident I'm actually gay."
"I think we can all safely say no one is getting boners from this," Alfie said, than looked sheepishly at me. "Or lady boners."
I laughed. "I can vouch for that."
We all sat down, enjoying the casual leisure time being around Jack brought. Finally, we all managed to shower, dress, and pack.
"Thanks for the sleepover, guys," I said as I slipped on my thick boots.
"You're not bad company," Alfie offered. He slung his rucksack over his shoulder.
Without further ado, we parted ways, out the door into the real world. It hit me then: life with the boys made me almost forget about everything that was bad.
[a/n: first chapter of a new story????? yup]
chatoyer xx
Hi my name is Nichole Kate Zambrano but my friends call me Nickky or Skate. I am 15 and I was born in New Jersey but moved when I was a baby, not sure why my mom never told me but I only asked once and she freaked out. I live with my mom only, my dads in mexico. I have 2 younger sisters, Jamie is 10 and Aisha is 8 and a 4 year old baby brother named Hazel. I love to skate, play volleyball, go on walks, draw and write in a jornal i have hidden in my closet. I also LOVE DOGS I have a husky, his name is spike. He has dark baby blue eyes and likes to play around a lot and thats all there is to it.
( Pythor will not be in this one, really this is the five ninja and Garmie!)Me- Guys, get in my room, I need to show you something!!!Kai- What?Lloyd- Coming!Jay's Tell us what!Me- Get in here and I will!!Zane- I'm coming.Cole- Fine, just let me grab something to snack on!( a minute or so later)Kai- What did you want?Me- To show you something.Jay's Okay, show us( pulls it up)Lloyd- Is that..me!?Me- Yes.Kai- Why does he looks better like this.Lloyd- Kai, I look fine!Kai- JK!Jay- So, evil Lloyd?Me- yes.Zane- Lloyd was never like thus, it doesn't compute(now the eye twitch in Child's Play)Me- Zane, it's fanart, it isn't real.Zane- Oh.Cole- OMGGarmadon- is that my son?Me- yes.Garmadon- what did you do to him?Me- I just made an Alternate Universe, this never happened.Lloyd- yeah dad, calm down.Garmadon okay, I will.( I giggle)
Me- you can leave.Everyone- bye
A girl is standing in front of the world's number one music college SPACE, her dream college.Nandini who left everything for her dreams who is now a lonely girl ,bubbly for all but in real she is very much lonely.... She enter the college thinking about her future forgetting about her painful past..She was looking too hot to handle, every eye was on her..she was wearing a damn sexy dress exposing her perfect figure. As she enter every boy wants to talk to her but she saw a manly figure standing at a corner with his four frnds totally lost in his world totally ingnoring d surroundings as he was busy in his whole world with his frnds. She noticed him he was standing with his back towards her. She was felling damn weird as every eye was on her making her feel uncomfortable but seeing him nd his frnds she thought that they might be good to her nd she may talk to them so she head towards them...The manly figure was of none other than the handsome hunk of the college MANIK MALHOTRA. Busy with his frnds cabir, mukti, aliya nd dhruv... they were completely lost in there talks completely ignoring there surroundings. After some time they heard a soft nd a sweet voice of a girl saying excuse me.
She head towards the manly figure.. when she reached near manik she said excuse me wid her alltime sweet voice. Manik turned and as his eyes saw the girl he was astonished with the beauty of the girl.. he was just looking at her..then again the same sweet voice came hye i'm new to this college can you please help me ...... till then she would complete she was disturbed by the principal hye nandini, so finally u r here i'm blessed to have u here, I heard about u , u sing really well haan is it? As soon as she heard principal's voice she turned back and said good morning sir, actually I was coming to u only nd yes thank u for the things u just said about me nd yes u r nt the blessed one i'm the blessed one who got chance to study in SPACE.then the principal said all the students to assemble in the auditorium nd took / nandini wid him to the auditorium. All this time manik was just staring at her, he was mesmerised wid her innocence , bubbley face and her beauty nd ofcourse the way she speaks to everyone..They all head towards the auditorium as said by the principal. As they entered the auditorium they all (manik, cabir, mukti, aliya nd dhruv) saw nandini standing widthe principal nd then nandini introduced herself wid everyone. As she got down d stage every guy was waiting for her to ask for her friendship but she ignored everyone . But she head towards manik nd frnds. She got there nd then said to all of them hye i'm nandini as u all know i'm new in this college nd I don't have any frnd here so can I be a frnd of yours? Manik, cabir, mukti, alya nd dhruv all were shocked as in d whole college she got only them to be frnds but mukti nd alya were quite excited nd they hurriedly said yes sure why not? Then cabir interrupted them nd said now we'll be having one more pretty girl actually a barbie doll in our group nd yes sry to say mukti nd alya but she is actually more sexy than u both. With this statement nandini blushed and dhruv continued ya actually cabir u r right sry baby (alya). Leaving d topic aside manik said that to no doubt that she is more beautiful than both of them but why u chose us for ur frndship. I mean as u can see others r waiting for ur frndship but leaving them u came to us. Why? Whats so special in us? Nandini answered thank you guys meri taarif krne ke liye . Nd yes I asked u for d frndship because u all were d only one who was watching me and I can see in ur eyes what u all meant by d term frndship not like others who were just looking at my beauty , I don't want any frnd who is just my frnd becoz of my beauty I want frnds who truely knows the meaning of frndship nd ofcourse of love . Guys leave this aside u all will not introduce urself? Everyone was amazed by her answer nd was touched too.then they all shake hands wid her nd introduce themselves.then it was manik's turn she shook his hank wid her nd introduced himself nd they both had an eyelock.........
Precap - beginning of a new friendship.
Thats all for today guys .please tell should I continue with the story or not.Nd please comment ur views on d very first part.this is my first ff so pls tell ur opinion nd my mistakes so that I could take care of it the next time
Ok thanx bye.
so you are a new troll in a small town. it is your first day at your new school so you put on your (f/c) shoes, and your (f/c) shirt with black jeans. after you get dressed you put your (H/C) hair in a katniss everdeen like ponytail since she is your role model of all time. so you grabbed your (f/c) bookbag and head out the messy unpacked bedroom and close the door. you walked down the stairs and get (favorite cereal) out of the cabinet in the kitchen and your milk out of the fridge too. then you forgot your bowl so as soon you put down your cereal and milk you grabbed the bowl and spoon too. you made your breakfast and sat down and watch (favorite tv show) and then got up turning off your tv then putting your dish in the kitchen sink and head out the door, and locked the door after you got out putting it in your bookbag you start walking down the streets since the chool was a few blocks away, then you see a few trolls one wearing a black t-shirt with a red cancer sign with grey jeans and black shoes with a white underbottom of the shoe with messy hair, and small horns. then you see a spiky mopey haired troll with 1990s like 3D like color glasses with a green Gemini sign on a black t-shirt with grey jeans and black and white shoes, and had two spikey horns one smaller then the other on each side ,then you see a messy curly hair troll with a purple Capricorn sign on the same color shirt with grey polka dotted like saggy pants and purple shoes but his face looked weird maybe because of the makeup he has on he also had tall little outward tip horns. you have a ability to observe things very quickly and memorize things more quicker then a average troll and your aren't going to a regular school, but to highly private school. then you almost there to your school then you made it.

you soon enter a private school you are greeted to a office lady she was named Ms.piexes then you asked office manger for your schedule then she gives to you then you leave.  you read it first you have
*gym
*science
*ELA
* GUIDED STUDY
* Math
* Social studies
* (favorite school objective)
then you are busy reading the schedule you accidently bumped into a red sweater troll with the same horns  and hair as the zodiac cancer one you saw at the street with light grey pants and coffee like color shoes, "9h I am truly s9rry t9 trigger anything!?" he said  you answer in return  "why it is fine I hope I didn't trigger any bad memories either so I can related to anyway  mistakes."  you try to impress him by the way.  " y9u didn't at all I'm kankri vantas what is y9ours?" he asked  you answer back "I am (f/n) (l/n) and I like your name sound like a fancy clothing brand."  you soon forgot what you dropped in the first place and kankri looked at it and gave it to you, "why I kn9w where the classes are I will sh9w y9u.  kankri offered as he grabbed your hand and lead you to the classes or well giving you a tour, you blushed a little but not to much to show on your face.
you wanted to break the silence between you and kankri so you asked him a question a simple one "do you have any friends here?" he hid under his turtleneck sweater "n9." he answered muffled, you saw little candy red tears falling down from his eyes.  you felt kinda of guilty for asking it so both of you stopped kankri stood still and you hugged him from behind. " I will be friend." you whispered as you grabbed your  hand to wipe his tears, smiled a little and broke the hug. he said " why I f9rg9t I have all of these classes with y9u!" you and kankri went to gym first, you felt sort of shy in the locker room because the (boy/girl) had strangers in it and you were new so you went to the stalls to change instead and put your bag in the lockers and soon went with the girls. you soon chered up as you saw kankri there he did look cute in those gym clothes and he was looking at  your butt while you stretched with the girls since it was huge so were your boobs then it was freetime at gym. after the school day was done. you and kankri decided to go to walk together.
well I hoped you enjoyed this and it is gonna get a bit hot if you know what it means
//Calum//
I groaned at my alarm clock and noticed I had to get up and go to work.I took a quick shower and didn't even bother with my hair I found the messy hair look quite sexy. I got on my red outfit and this stupid hat. I looked at my appearance one more time before walking out the door. I lived alone in a small two bedroom apartment I admit I was sort of sad I had no one to talk to beside Luke, Ashton and Michael.We all worked at the same place so we basically hung out every moment of the day and having the same friends and hanging out with them every moment of the day.//I walked down the the street kicking the small rocks smiling to myself but like the dumbass I am I wasn't watching in front of me and I smashed into someone, "I'm sorry!" I said grabbing her shoulders steadying her so she didn't fall on her ass. She smiled and put a piece of hair behind her ear that was in her face "Thank you." I smiled and said, "No problem." I let go of her shoulders and smiled once again waving goodbye.//Today felt the busiest out of them all. I was being annoyed my Ashton and Michael as they made jokes when I was on my feet and only go to sit down for maybe 10 minutes if I was lucky. I never wanted to be one of those guys that never wanted to get on their feet and work. I was always on my toes and never complained unlike Ashton and the rest of them. Luke wasn't so bad he'd get up and run around. I felt like a mom. I used to think my mom didn't do a dammed thing but she did what I do and I feel bad.-I finally sat down on my couch taking off my shoes and yawning and turning the TV on.I closed my eyes and fell to sleep.//I finally had the day off I spent my day running around town and doing stuff. I was a boring person and pretty much had no life. My parents kicked me out on my birthday when I turned 18 I barley had enough money for the apartment I'm living in right now. I'm single and just do a bunch of one night stands. I make a good amount of money so I can pay rent buy dinner or even cook. I took a few cooking classes cause I found cooking is less expensive than going out for Chinese take out every night.-I held two bags in my hands that were full of random stuff for cooking and maybe something to touch up the apartment.-I walked down the sidewalk trying to not hit people or bump into them because I hated human contact unless it was in bed. My phone buzzed and I shouldn't even wonder who it is its probably Luke complaining his mum won't let him date a girl he likes. And sure enough it was Luke, "What Lucifer?""That's not my name! And where are you?""I was shopping.""You're such a girl.""Shut up at least my girliness saves me Money and gives me benefits.""Whatever get your ass over here.""Fine." I hung up and called a Taxi cause whatever was so important I needed to be there right now.I hated taxis they always smelled like smoke and sex. Two smells I hated so much and I was sitting in the worst place to be.-After a long taxi ride with some guy trying to mob me of my groceries I finally reached my door. Ashton and all them were sitting outside waiting for me like creeps. I unlocked the door and set my bags on the counter, "Okay what do guys want?""Ashton." Luke said"I got some chick pregnant.""Way to go Ashton!" I said taking out the stuff from the bags putting them in cabinets. Ashton glared at me and said, "Shut up Hood.""Don't talk to me like that in my house.""I do what I damn well please.""Ashton I swear to god don't make me throw you out the door I'm not in the mood today.""Try me bitch." Ashton said getting up"Ashton!" Luke said. I walked out my kitchen and opened the door, "Get then hell out.""Ooh I'm scared you told me to get out." "Irwin I swear..." He laughed and Michael got up shoving Ashton out the door way. I slammed the door and locked it. I sighed and went back to what I was doing, "Who wants nachos?" Luke and Michael instantly looked up and said, "Nachos?!" I smiled and started the nachos.
A/N Sorry for this horrible book I just had an idea for a fic and its horrible I'm sorry for you having to read it.Bye now :3
Chase's POV
Hi my name is Chase Maria Wilkinson yes I am Adam's daughter well 1 of them and no the boys don't know about us DON'T TELL THEM! I wish we could but we can't like ughhhh they are our favorite band like srly not fair! Well that is just until this weekend when we have to go on tour with them because our mum passed away 3 years ago when we were 14 and we made every nanny/ babysitter quit because apparently we are the worst kids EVER haha yeah right! Well I am one of the quads!
Drew's POV
Hi my name is Drew Celesta Wilkinson  before you ask I am Adam's daughter well err one of them and no the boys don't know about us, but this weekend they will! We all love them so much! Our mom passed away when we were 14 and now we are 17 and every nanny or babysitter quit because apparently we are the noisiest kids EVER haha true!  Well that's one of the quads!
Sydney's POV
Hi my name is Sydney Delilah Wilkinson and yeah I'm THE Adam Wilkinson's Daughter and no THE boys don't know about us! Soon they will!  We love 5sos soo much and they will finally know we exist this weekend! We can't stay home for tour because our mum died 3 years ago when we were 14 and now we are 17! We also can't hire anyone because last summer we went through everyone who babysits and yeah we made them quit... I think we are bad kids sometimes! Well that's me one of the foursome
Alison's POV
Hi my name is Alison Mari Wilkinson! and no I am not the Adam Wilkinson's daughter I am his Princess duhhhh and the boys think we don't exist but they will know soon MWAHHAHAHA! This weekend we are going on tour with them! I think of 5sos as my Princes! and if your wondering NO WE CAN'T STAY HOME because last year every nanny we ever had QUIT and our mom died when we were 14 and it's been 3 years now (and you haven't even seen the best of me...) we are 17! Well I am one of the 4 Princesses here
The other day Chuck Norris got shot, he is now in the hospital with the bullet in critical condition
Nicole was a fifteen year old girl and since she began elementary she'd normally have boys for friends rather than girls she didn't like to participate on the 'girl' side or play with 'girly' toys, she enjoyed superheroes and ninjas especially Marvel and different comic books. Nicole's been growing up having many different boys as her friends which from different perspective made her look like a slut hanging out with different boys but she never acted slutty or acted how you would think they would. It was the first day of seventh grade, spectacular.
A loud ringing buzzed in her ear, a young dirty blonde growled and felt for her alarm clock and slammed a balled fist down on it, "wake me up when school matters." She groaned and rolled over. A few minutes passed and she jumped up fixing her bed and grabbed a change of clothes and a towel then took her shower.
After her shower she dried off and changed then applied a very light pink lip stick and ran downstairs grabbing her breakfast and waited for the bus a dark brown satchel slung over her back. "Nicki!" A girl with dark hair and a beautiful tan completion howled and ran towards her arms spread looking dangerous to be around. "Turtle (Mary)!" Nicole laughed and grabbed her friend hugging her tight. "Really. It was one time!" The short girl groaned and walked Nicki on the bus a light blue backpack on her back. Nicole grinned and walked behind her looking at everyone before sitting down in an unoccupied seat along with Turtle(Mary). "Isn't this shirt cool? I found it when I was at the beach." Mary chuckled pulling at the ends showing off her 'Howling wolf shirt' that supposedly glowed in the dark. "Sweet. Check this out." Nicole said and showed her the shirt she had cut the ends into a crop top that read 'Panic! At the disco-A fever you can't sweat out.' "Cool.." Mary murmured with a small smile and the bus stopped a bunch of kids stampeded through the aisle, Nicole quickly grabbed turtles arm and dragged her through the swarm of children and ran into the large building huffing her chest heaving with every breath. "Oh man!" Mary gasped swiping her forehead with imaginary sweat and laughed departing with Nicole and went their separate ways. "Until lunch dear heart!" Nicole said dramatically putting a hand to her chest.
Hey everyone! This is going to be my first story so it might suck at first until I edit it all.. Its going to take my a few days to upload the first few chapters because I'm in the process of moving and I also have summer school. :( But I'm excited to write the story and see what you all think, also please try not to put hate comments I read some of the thinks other people say and they were kinda rude. :/ Now I haven't decide what specific days, I was thinking Tuesdays and Thursdays and sometimes on the weekend. I might throw in some surprise chapters too depending on my schedule. I actually think I'll do the first four or five chapter by next week but it might change. Well I I hope you all give this story a chance and I really hope you can wait patiently so adios.
Oooh and also I promise you the chapters won't be short, I'm good with that lol but I'm seriously going to try to make them longer. Okay bye now :D
"Oh my God, Sofia, you can't wear that."
I look myself over in the mirror. The tattered shorts and black tank top perfectly compliment my hazel eyes and braided brown hair.
"Why not?" I ask my mother, twirling from the mirror to face her.
She scrunches up her nose and shakes her head. "It's too, I dunno, Gothic. And I'm pretty sure it's not dress code, young lady."
She was probably right.But ugggggghhhh! Mothers.
I groan and roll my eyes, but push her out of my room and take off the "Gothic" clothes, searching my closet for something that would pass my mother's test.
My mom is Beca Mitchell, a-cappella legend. And my dad is none other than Jesse, leader of the Trebelemakers. Well, he WAS leader of the Trebelemakers. And my mom WAS leader of the champions, the Barden Bellas. But now they're just parents. Awesome parents, but just parents.
They still get together with their old groups from time to time, though. In fact, they usually drag us kids along as well, and there's even a reunion going on tonight. It's lucky we all still live in the same area.
To ace my mom's inspection, I pull on an cute emerald green tee and shorts with a treble clef embroided on the left leg.To match, I wear a black headband.
There. Decent enough for you, mom?
I find her flipping pancakes downstairs at the stove. She glances at me. "That's more like it."
She flips a pancake onto my plate and sets down a glass of milk beside it.
My dad walks in, singing I've got the Magic in me.My mom joins in, their voices harmonizing perfectly.
See, this is the stuff that makes me mad. Both my parents are legends, and I can't sing. At ALL. Why, why can't I sing? It's like their talent just skipped right over me.
My mom says that the music will 'find me', and I just 'need to be patient'.
Bull.
The duet finishes their song and kisses. "Bleeeeeh!!" I say, holding my stomach and sticking my finger in my throat, pretending to gag.
"Morning, Sofia," sings my dad, kissing me on the cheek briefly, which I promptly wipe off. He laughs. "Gotta go to work! Have great first day of school!" He says to me, waggling his fingers in my face and stepping out the door.
Both my dad and my mom own a record company focused solely on a-cappella music, known as AccaSong.
They make a lot of money. Groups come from all over to record there, and it's the top a-cappella industry in the world.
My mother finishes her own pancake and kisses me on top of my head. "I've gotta go too, sweetheart," she says. "Have an awesome day at school!"
I nod at her and swallow my bite of food before replying, "Love you too, mom. Bye!"
She pulls open the door and steps out. "Oh, and don't forget to make some friends!" She calls before slamming it shut.
Yeah. Like that's gonna happen.
After my pancake, I grab my backpack and head outside to wait for my bus to hell.
Seventh grade last year was okay. Sixth grade was even better. But something happened on the last day of school in seventh that I knew would make this year miserable.
It seems that the Bella generation has a thing for embarrassing themselves. My mom's friend, Aubrey Posen, threw up during a performance, and her other friend, Fat Amy, split her pants during a show for the president's birthday and flashed her south parts to the world.
On the last day of school during lunchtime, Jennifer DeRemaro decided to pants me. In front of the school. It just so happens that on that day I was short on underwear and I had to wear my old pair of Hello Kitty ones.
So the bitch sneaks up behind me and yanks down my skirt to show the whole school my Hello Kitty panties.
I almost threw up with embarrassment.
Worse yet, my crush, Zach, was sitting a few feet away. And he laughed with the rest of them.
I ran to the bathroom at lightning speed an spent the rest of the day crying my eyes out.
And Jennifer even had the nerve to come up to me and say, "Hey, don't blame me! I wasn't the one wearing Hello Kitty underwear!"
I am never gonna live that one down.
The bus comes eventually and I get on, quickly sitting down at the first empty seat so no one has time to recognize me.
I listen to music on my way to school. Though I have no talent whatsoever, it seems that music is still in my blood.
I just get lost in the words, the melody and how everything fits together, creating a perfect song.
The bus stops in front of my school, Armond Middle. It's a large brick building, three stories tall (one for each grade). I'll be in the top story this year, being in the eighth grade.
Everyone files out, me in the back of the line, and we walk to the gym. First task of middle school: find a seat on the bleachers.
I squeeze myself between two girls who seem friendly, but they promptly try to make room between them and I so they didn't have to touch me.
Yeah. It's gonna be a long year.
The principal, Mrs. Fanry, struts out with a microphone in hand. "Good morning, students!" She calls. "Good morning..." We mumble. "I can't hear you!" The principal trills, cupping a hand over her ear."Good morning!!" We shout."Much better!" Says Mrs. Fanry. "Sixth graders, welcome to Armond, seventh and eighth graders, welcome back! If everyone would please pull out their schedules..." No one moves. "Chop chop!" She shouts, clapping her hands.
Papers rustle around the gym, and I yank out my crumpled schedule from my backpack.
I zone out on her voice, explaining where to go to which class, and what period related arts is, and blah blah blah...
I didn't need to hear it. Actually, none of the eighth graders did. We'd already been here two years. We know what's up.
Before I know it, the principal is done talking and us kids are filing out of the gym to first period.
My first is Science, with Evans. I've heard that she's really nice.I sit down in the back row, near a chemical lab, plopping down my backpack next to me.
The rest of the class comes in slowly, and they all choose their seats next to their friends.
The last kid that comes in is short, and awkward looking. She has short black hair and wears no makeup.
All the seats in the room are taken but the one right next to me. The girl walks over to me, looking up shyly."Um.. Can I sit here?" She says quietly. Her voice is high and sweet. "Sure," I say, and move my stuff to make room for her.
She must be new. I don't recognize her.
I should probably try to be her friend before she learns of my Hello Kitty problem.
"I haven't seen you around here before. Are you new?" I ask her kindly.
"Yes." She says, brushing a strand of hair out of her eyes.
I wait for her to continue, but she doesn't say anything else.
"Uh.. What's your name?" I prompt.
"Emmie....."
Again, I wait, but nothing.
Maybe she's already heard about Hello Kitty. I turn back to the front of the room. Mrs. Evans has just walked in, and my first class of eighth grade begins.
-----
What's up pitches?Hope you enjoyed chapter one!! I will update at least once a week.XOXOClaire
❝The city is prettier when you're roaming it with someone else. ❞
Thalia Evans has made a lot of mistakes during her life, and one of those was graduating with the best marks when she attended S.H.E.I.L.D Academy, because if she didn't then she wouldn't have to put up with Nick Fury and his avengers. She is a highly trained spy working for S.H.I.E.L.D., with an incompetent partner. Thalia lies for a living, she has no morals and she does whatever she pleases, except when Fury orders her to do something. She has to deal with problems that most women at the ripe age of twenty-four, don't have to put up with like - HYDRA and Captain America following her around.
In some ways, Thalia is like a cockroach - she adapts and she survives. She's an assassin, delinquent, and a vigilant all in one and Thalia is probably going to be the one to save everyone else. Steve Rodgers would go as far as saying that Thalia Evans would be their savior.  God save the queen is the only saying that could properly describe what Thalia is going through.
☏
stop me. also rIHANNA??
I wake up to laughing in the kitchen. At first I lay there and just listen, but then I realize I must be one of the last ones in my room. I check my clock. 8:07. What? Kara was supposed to wake me up at 8:00.
I get up and frantically look for clothes to change into. As I'm rummaging through my drawers, Kara comes running in.
"WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAK... oh you're already up. Sorry I'm a little late, I got caught up in the kitchen." Kara says with a laugh.
If there was one word to describe Kara, it would probably be late. I swear, she's cursed or something. I've lived with her my whole life and I'm 99% sure she hasn't been on time for anything. She was even born late, and I don't doubt she'll be late for her own funeral.
"Let's go have breakfast, I'm starving." I say.
"Guess who made waffles!" She says excitedly as she pulls me toward the door.
"Breeze?" I guess.
"Nope. Guess again." She says with the same amount of excitement as before.
"Kara, there's a lot of people to guess from." I say, giggling at how excited she is about waffles.
When we get to the kitchen though, I realize why she is so excited.
"TATUM!" Amber screams as she runs to hug me.
"AMBER!" I scream in return. We hug and then I get some waffles and sit down by Amber and across from Kara.
"I have so much to tell you guys about my trip!" Amber says.
Amber turns 17 in a few days, but since the trip was last month they let her go, but she had to come back to the cabin until she's officially 17. If Kara wouldn't have been born late, she would've gone with Amber.
"So," Kara begins, "what are boys like?"
"There like nothing you could imagine. And they're super confusing too, but some of them sure are gorgeous." Amber answers.
"Did you find him? Did you find the one?" I ask, anxious for the answer.
"Yeah, he's perfection." She answers with a huge smile and a dreamy look in her eye. I just giggle at her.
"Well what's his name?" Kara asks. before Amber can answer, Brenna comes running in the kitchen.
"Have you guys seen my- AMBER YOUR BACK!" Brenna yells. Amber just laughs.
"Well how was it?!" Brenna half screams half asks.
"Grab a waffle and sit down. I'll tell you all about it. I was just about to tell Kara and Tatum his name." Amber says. Brenna hurries to get a waffle and some syrup, and sits down next to Kara.
"So what's his name?" Kara repeats.
"Channing." Amber answers.
"Ooo, that's hot." says Brenna. Amber giggles.
"His names not the only hot thing." Amber says with a smirk. "I'm going to dinner with him later. I wish you guys could come to meet him." She says with a frown.
"We'll meet him soon remember? We only have a couple weeks until our trip." I say trying to sound optimistic.
"Oh yeah I can't wait!" Kara says excitedly. "But I want to hear about your trip first." She says to Amber.
While Amber tells of her travels, I accidentally zone out and start thinking about my match. Is he going to be taller than me? Is he going to have a hot name, like Amber's match? What color hair will he have? And then, that's when my overthinking took a turn and became anxiety. What if I have the wrong ring? What if my match has the wrong ring? What if I don't like my match? Or worse, what if he doesn't like me?
I was shaken out of my thoughts when Kara asked me what I thought of Amber's trip.
"It sounds like you had a great time and now I really can't wait for my trip!" I said a little too excitedly. They didn't notice.
"Well it's time to get ready for our classes today so I'm gonna go shower." I say and get up and head to the bathroom.
<Kitty Kat>
Hey
<R>
Hii
<Kitty Kat>
There's something wrong with Logan
<R>
WHAT!!!!!!
<Kitty Kat>
He looked confused and he wasn't teaching today
<R>
Where was he?!?!?!?
<Kitty Kat>
With the Professor
<R>
What class you in?
<Kitty Kat>
Math
<R>
I'm with Storm
<Kitty Kat>
Lucky she's a great teacher
<R>
Ya she's amazing
<Kitty Kat>
I need to go bye
<R>
Bye
Note: so this is my first justason story. It's based off one of my images. Called "daddy?" In the beginning it was going to be a women but I decided why not Have it be with Justin and Jason. So yea. Justin isn't famous in this story. ---------------------------------------
You think that women are the only ones that go through being pregnant and the baby daddy disappearing or leaving them. You think that women are the only ones who work two jobs to make ends meet. people don't realize that guys can go through this also.
Meet Justin Bieber. He is a 22 year old who works at a nike from 7:00 am to 10:00 pm just to make end meet. Some of you might be wondering why a young guy with a bright future is working at a sneaker store.
Well he has a son named Dallas Jaxson Bieber, Dal for short.
Justin was only 17 when he give birth to him. Yes Justin had given birth to a baby and the father of his child was Jason McCann.
Justin and Jason were dating for 2 years when Justin found out. Justin was scared and Jason didn't want to have a baby with Justin.
Justin remembers that day clear as day. The way Jason looked at him with the eyes of madness. He will never forget what Jason told him that day. -------------------------------------------Flashback ~
"Get an abortion I don't want that baby." Jason said clinching his jaw.
Justin didn't believe in abortion it was killing a human being it was like murder. Justin couldn't believe what Jason was saying.
"No" Justin said getting up. "I'm not aborting it. If you don't want this baby. I will raise him/her on my own. I'm not killing a innocent soul that did nothing wrong." At this point Justin had tear in his tears.
"Ok you wanna be like that alright." Jason grabbed all of Justin's stuff and through it out of the house. "If you wanna keep this baby. Then get the hell out of my house."
Justin closed his eyes and slapped Jason in the face. "I hate you I hope to never see you again. Don't come back into my life or his/hers. You are worst."
Justin walked out of the house never looking back.
~End of flashback ---------------------------------------------
Justin looked at his 5 year blond and brown eyed son. He knew he Made the right decision of leaving Jason that day. Because without Dal , Justin doesn't know where he would be. ----------------------------------------------
Alright my loves so this is my first Justin and Jason story.
It's different. There will be 3 books to this story.
Bye loves
Character:
Justin Bieber as Jason McCann/himself
Jaxson Bieber as Dallas Bieber
Pattie as Pattie Bieber
Jeremy Bieber as himself
And many more
Chloe's POV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hi, I'm Chloe Avery Mikaela Green, long name I know. My YouTube channel is ChloeVSGaming. Today, me and Ashley are heading to LA to meet up with the guys. I've only played with them on Minecraft, so I have no idea what they're like behind the screen.
I have dark brown hair with light purple and light blue curly tips (She dip-dyed the tips). Also, I have ocean blue eyes mixed with emerald green.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ashley woke me up, meaning we've landed. I kept refusing to go to sleep in case we crash or something because I'm not used to travelling on planes.
We hopped off the plane and went to the luggage claim. Ashley's boyfriend - Mitch, which I find really cute - will be picking us up and taking us to the house.
After getting our luggage, which was like a suitcase each, we headed to the main area and saw Mitch. He ran up to us and greeted us with hugs, he gave Ashley a peck on the cheek.
We started to walk towards the car, me needing my space, I sit in the back by myself. Ashley in front and Mitch driving.
As we drove back, I put in my headphones and started to listen to 5SOS's Heartbreak Girl.
You call me up,
It's like a broken record,
Sayin' that your heart hurts,
And you can never get over him gettin' over you,
And you end up crying,
And I end up lying,
'Cause I'm just a sucker for anythin' that you do,
And when the phone call finally ends,
You say, "Thank for being a friend.",
And we're going in circles again and again.
I dedicate this sing to you,
The one who never sees the truth,
That I can take away your hurt,
Heartbreak Girl,
Hold you tight straight through the daylight,
I'm right here, when you gonna realise,
That I'm your cure,
Heartbreak Girl,
I bite my tongue,
But I wanna scream out,
You could be with me now,
But I end telling you what you wanna hear,
But you're not ready,
And it's so frustrating,
He treats you so bad and I'm so good to you, it's not fair,
And when the phone call finally ends,
You say, "I'll call you tomorrow at ten.",
And I'm stuck in the friend zone again and again,
I dedicate this sing to you,
The one who never sees the truth,
That I can take away your hurt,
Heartbreak Girl,
Hold you tight straight through the daylight,
I'm right here, when you gonna realise,
That I'm your cure,
Heartbreak Girl,
I know someday it's gonna happen,
And you'll finally forget the day you met him,
Sometimes you're so close to your confession,
I've gotta get it through your head,
That you belong with me instead,
I dedicate this sing to you,
The one who never sees the truth,
That I can take away your hurt,
Heartbreak Girl,
Hold you tight straight through the daylight,
I'm right here, when you gonna realise,
That I'm your cure,
Heartbreak Girl,
I dedicate this sing to you,
The one who never sees the truth,
That I can take away your hurt,
Heartbreak Girl,
Hold you tight straight through the daylight,
I'm right here, when you gonna realise,
That I'm your cure,
Heartbreak Girl.
I didn't even realise I sang it out loud. They congratulated me and soon enough, we were at the mansion on Westfield Street. (Made up address)
Sock was a Demon Boy. But you already knew that, didn't you? If you didn't, why the hell are you even reading this?
Jonathan was an edgy Teen. Again, you knew this.
It was a typically normal day at the nameless High School and Jonathan was sitting at his Lunch table. Sock had been stalking him for about 4 months now, and he supposed that they were friends.
Jonathan didn't eat anything because he was to edgy.
"Hey, Sock. Can I ask you something?" Jonathan piped up. Sock tilted his head to the side and nodded.
"Sure! Ask me anything." Sock allowed. Jonathan noticed some popular kids laughing, but Jonathan thought some edgy things about them.
"Uhh, right, what are your thoughts on...Umm..."
Jonathan stuttered. He couldn't say it infront of a bunch of kids, especially considered how they couldn't see or hear Sock. Sock himself looked at him with concentration.
"Nevermind..."
"Oh. Alright then!" Sock said obliviously as he continued to look at his ghost hole in his stomach.
Jonathan watched him. Sock was pretty much his only friend, and he had to admit; Sock had some sweet facial features.
But he thought this in an edgy way.
After school, Jonathan took the bus home along with Sock, as usual. They talked for a while, chatting about what Hell is like and how Sock's ghost hole works.
Because edge.
Jonathan got off at his stop, while Sock just materialised out of the bus. Jonathan entered his house and went upstairs to his room.
Sock followed up to see his room as usual. Messy, full of Edgy posters and his set of Headphones sat upon his black bed.
"So, uh, about what I was gonna say at Lunch..."
Sock looked at Jonathan with the same amount of concentration as before. Jonathan swallowed a large lump and spoke up
"What are your thoughts on... Umm... I mean are you... Like, are you okay with..."
"Are you Okay, Jon?" Sock questioned. Jonathan took a deep breath and continued.
"Homosexuals" Jonathan stated abruptly. Sock's eyes widened, gasping in a cartoonish way.
"I don't even know how you never noticed it. I literally stated 'Do you have a crush' before." Jonathan added, starting to calm a bit.
"I, uh... I sorta... Like you... A bit... As well... Maybe... I don't..."
Jonathan went in for a kiss. He imagined himself having some sort of sweet, edgy makeout session with him.
But he just fell flat on his face on the bed.
Sock laughed a bit. "I'm a Demon Ghost, Jon. Why do you even like me like that anyway?"
"Because you're worth it."
Then they did it. And it was awkward.
I pulled on my black vans and quick checked myself in the mirror before i left. My jean shorts and figure fitting white crop top looked nice with my braided ombre hair. I had always loved ombre and when i was 15 my mom finally let me get it. Its two years later, i have had it ever since.
Deciding that i looked presentable, i grabbed my phone, black bag and called out to my mom, "Im meeting Page and Cameron for coffee need me to pick up anything for dinner while I'm out?"
"Oh no, I'm fine dear. Have a good time and be safe! Love you Talley!" She responds.
"Love you too, bye!" I yell back as i grab my keys from the bowl by the entrance and close the door on my way out. I run over to my parked car and jump inside. I haven't seen either Page or Cameron since school ended and we went to this huge party. Page has stayed home but busy with babysitting, Cameron has been in New York visiting his older sister and i just returned from the beach where i got a tan that they'll both fawn over.
They were my best friends since middle school began. We were all new to the area and nobody talked to any of us. Things have changed drastically, i wouldn't say we were a popular group but we were often involved in some of the parties and school drama. But although there was rumors and gossip, the three of us were always there for each other, through everything. No matter what happened in school. To say i'd missed seeing them was an understatement. There was only a few more weeks until summer would come to a close.
When i arrived i saw that none of them were there yet. So i got in line and ordered a coffee. Some people liked those sugary coffees with the crazy names but i liked to stick to the basics. No sugar. No milk. Plain and black. Just the smell of the shop gave me shivers.
As i waited for my drink i saw another man standing against the wall, i presume also waiting for his order. He was tall, handsome with dark long locks that were full of waves, and wore dark skinny jeans and a loose fitting top. I took my lip into my teeth as i looked at the man. Seconds later his eyes rose up and glanced at me: catching me red handed staring at him. I blushed and looked away but i could almost feel him smirk as he watched the side of my neck.
Some girls my age would have the confidence to walk over to him and try to get his phone number, but i was not one of those girls... Typically. If it wasn't a dare, then i wasn't majorly outgoing. However i did have the tendency to surprise myself, though i doubted this would be one of those times. I thought he would look away from me eventually but he hadn't. So i turned back to him, "staring isn't polite you know." I commented, maybe i would give it a go... What could go wrong anyway? Its not like i was ever going to see him again.
Just think of it as practice
His lips curved upward before replying in a deep British tone, "i only stare at people who spark my interest." A coffee was put out and the man grabbed it slowly. He whispered, "and you know, staring is a compliment, thats why i didn't say anything when you did it to me."
I slightly blushed,
Practice, he's just practice.
With lack of anything to say i asked him a question, "Whats your name?"
His dark eyes flicked up to mine sending my stomach in loops, "Harry, Harry Styles... But its Daddy to you." And then, as if he wasn't there to begin with, he was gone.
Just then Cameron and Sage walk in laughing. Then they see me and run over in my direction. "TALLYYYY!!" Page screams, as she engulfs me in a hug. Squeezing me until i felt my lungs start to shake. Then she holds me back and inspects me, "You got tan!" She exclaims and we laugh as i bring Cameron in for a hug. He also notices and decides to speak, "ok ok we know that the beach was amazing but tell me, how were the boys?" He asks.
Cameron has been out for as long as i can remember, and whenever we get the chance to talk about our favorite guys in or out of school we go for hours. 'The boys' are my moms cousins, we all go to the beach every year and Cameron asks about them and their 6-packs every second he can.
"They're just as fit and gorgeous as ever. And i see you two haven't seen much sun yet!" i say teasingly, while tapping Page's white shoulders.
"Shut up." She says as she removes my hand. "Hey have you ordered yet?"
"Yeah I'm guessing its almost ready, you guys?"
"No, we ought to get in line, find us a table when u get yours!" Cameron answers and both of them walk towards the now growing line. I smile as i see them walk down. I missed them so much.
But i cant help but wonder who that guy was. He walked with such confidence, as if he owned the place. And i decided that i didn't have set feelings about him, whether they were good or bad. I probably would never even see him again, so its not like he mattered or anything, right?
But thats where i was so wrong.
I watch in London's grimy darkness as lights flash in the distance, signalling an oncoming train.
From my place on the roof, swinging my legs, I can see everything. I can see the alleyways, druggies exchanging goods not-so-discreetly. I can see teenagers my age emerging from the local cinema, laughing in their little group. I can see adults heading home from work, stuck in the swarm of dreary vehicles. I can see mothers cautiously pulling their toddlers close to them, unconsciously keeping them safe in the uncertainty of the evening gloom.
Slipping gingerly off the roof, I land on my sore feet on the fire escape staircase and slowly shuffle down the steps with a limp, drifting towards the train tracks.
I could do it.
I can hear it coming closer, the tracks rattling unhappily as the weight of the metal carriage edges closer.
Could I do it? Am I desperate enough?
My thoughts slam against the mental barrier I've put up, teasing me into thinking about what took place earlier.
Do I deserve this? I stare down as the yellowish bruise forming on my wrist, sighing. It's the only wound I can face without cringing at the gruesomeness of it. It's the only bruise he's ever let show from underneath my clothing. He's grown careless.
And suddenly, with a devastated gasp, my body buckles as the barrier is broken, and the memory of this evening comes flooding back to me.
I let myself into the flat, grinning at the thought of today. Slowly, school has become a haven for me. Leah never lets me think about my life at home. She knows I'm not happy; she doesn't know why, but she doesn't need to know. I was happy at school earlier- I still am. My mood is in the clouds, my head is swimming with the laughter Carrie and I shared, with the realisation that I'm not as broken and emotionless as I thought.
That's when I see him.
My smile disappears.
Aaron stares at me from the doorway of his bedroom, a glass bottle in his hand. Even in the gloominess of the flat, I can tell it's alcohol.
Shit. This isn't good.
I watch his footsteps: uncoordinated, clumsy. Coming closer.
I watch his expression: menacing, accusing, yet still... empty.
I watch his hands: twitching, tightening, flexing.
"Cleo," he drawls, dribbling slightly. "Why the fuck are you smiling?"
"I-I'm not, Aaron," I mumble, pressing my back against the wall and wrapping my hand against the door handle.
"You smiling 'cause you're happy? 'Cause you killed her and now you're all alone with me? That make you happy? Huh? Look at me, bitch!" he screeches, his voice scratching at my ears like nails scraping down a chalkboard. I cringe as ice-cold fingers pinch my chin and roughly force it up to look at him.
"P-please Aaron," I start to weep as his fingernails dig into my wrist and pry me away from the wall. I stay latched on to the door handle.
"Aaron, please, no," I whimper. His eyes flash and he growls in the back of his throat before using his strength to throw me to the floor, my hand aching for the handle no longer in it's grasp. With his back to me, Aaron slides the latch on the door shut.
I'm locked in.
I break inside, sobbing quietly into the grimy carpet that scratches at my face with it's scrabbly fibres.
"You little fucking whore. You liked it when you killed her, didn't you?" He picks up a wooden kitchen chair and unscrews of one of the long, spindly legs. "Liked tying the knot and hearing her neck-" he roughly snaps the wood in half, "snap!" he roars. I continue to sob, mourning the loss of my mother and my brother. Despite what Aaron does to me, I pity him- he took my mother's suicide worse than I could have ever expected. He's always thought I killed her. Ever since he found me crying beneath my mother's suspended body.
"Please, Aaron, you're my brother-"
"Brother?" he whispers, the word dripping so heavily with loathing and denial that shivers attack my heart. "You!" he suddenly explodes, plunging the spiked edge of the broken chair leg into my stomach. I scream my throat raw in less than a second, the impact of the weapon pushing scream after scream, sob after sob, out of my broken mouth.
"You," he roars, pulling his makeshift dagger out of my stomach before forcing it into my thigh, causing me to spasm with screams, "are not my sister! You are worthless-" he rips the wood out of my flesh and stabs it in my other thigh, "-fucking whore!"
He drags the wood thought the top layer of my flesh until he reaches my knee. Blood bubbles at my mouth and I cough, my throat to blocked to let air through. "Ah," he sighs in satisfaction. "That's better. I feel better now. Do you feel better, Cleo?" he smiles. As I attempt to answer, he twists the wood out of my leg, causing my back to arch in agony and blood to fly from my lips in a cough.
"Y-y-y-" I try to steady my breathing and squeeze another tear out of my eye. "Y-yes-s, A-Aaron." I whisper, my voice shaking uncontrollably.
His eyes meet mine, glimmering with some sort of sick, twisted happiness, "Good." A joyful smile tugs at his lips as he lets out a childish giggle and pushes himself off his knees to his feet, swaying to his bedroom.
He slams the door shut. My tears continue to dribble down my face; I lift a quivering hand to my stomach, convulsing when my hand meets blood. Assessing the wound whilst clenching my mouth and eyes shut, I discover that it's not as deep as I though it was. The same goes with my legs.
A strange pang hits my heart, and with large eyes, I recognise it as disappointment. I'm not happy to be alive.
Looking down at my body, I suck air unsteadily into my throat and attempt to stifle my tears. There's so much blood.
I desperately grab at the floor, as if begging it to help me sit up. But it simply scrapes it's teeth against my skin once again, warning my to stay away. Holding a hand to my stomach, I push up off the floor and manage to sit upright. Slowly, carefully, I push myself to my feet and grip onto the counter for support. My left leg remains limp and hovers over the floor- I don't want to put pressure on it; it sustained the worst damage. I reach as far as I can across the counter and pull myself to where my hand it, holding myself up the entire time. Eventually, I reach our small bathroom and push the door open.
I sit on the edge of the bath as I wait for it to fill up with warm water.
When it's finally full up, I gently strip off my ripped clothes, crying out as the fabric pulls at my sticky blood-soaked cuts. Finally, I lower myself into the bath, weeping silently.
I used to have a nice life. Right up until my mother hanged herself in my parents' bedroom when I was eleven. My father had never been around.
It was just me, Mum, and Aaron.
After that, Mum's sister claimed all of Mum's money and the house, kicking Aaron and I out. Since he was eighteen, he became my legal guardian, even though he didn't want me. He took us to stay at his best friend's flat- this flat- on a grubby estate and we've been here ever since.
Except Aaron's best friend isn't here anymore.
Aaron killed him three years ago.
I don't know how it happened. All I remember is walking into the flat to find Aaron on the floor with James, his best friend, sawing his dead body up with a kitchen knife. I remember the crazy gleam in Aaron's eye. It still haunts me.
I've considered running. Everyday I contemplate leaving and finding a new life. But Aaron knows how I think. He followed Lara home one day. He knows where she lives.
If I live, she dies.
Wincing, I squeeze heavy teardrops out of my eyes as I rub soap into my wounds and wash them. I dry myself off with a small towel before wrapping my legs and stomach in thick layers of bandages. Aaron never lets me run out of bandages, otherwise I'd definitely bleed out. And if I died, who would Aaron use to take out his feelings on?
Noticing blood bleeding through the top layer of bandages on my stomach, I continue to wrap my stomach until I feel supported. Then I cover myself with my towel, leave the bathroom, and limp to my bedroom, where I dress in tatty shorts and the loosest top I can find.
I ensure to lock the door of my bedroom, pressing my chest of drawers, as usual, against the doorframe. Then I crawl under my thin sheets and lie on my back, begging sleep to claim me.
Heavy sobs tear at my throat as desperation and helplessness washes over me.
I'm only seventeen. I haven't even experienced life yet; I've been drifting around in Death's promising embrace for six years.
With a final cry, I push myself into an unstable jog, nearing the train tracks.
A few more steps.
The train is almost here, it's almost here to carry me away, to take me away from this life.
I finally reach the tracks and close my eyes, throwing myself forward and accepting my fate. I feel peaceful.
The force hits me harder than I imagined and I'm knocked to the ground, knowing that I'm going to be in peace soon.
But nothing is happening. I can hear the train, but I can't feel it.
My eyes fly open.
Leaning over me, is a boy- a man- panting into the cold night air, watching me with an unreadable expression, his arms wrapped around my waist."Good," he starts breathlessly, staring at me with wide green eyes.
"You're still breathing."
why are there SO MANY hot boys in this world im conflicted
Mya:Kian if you remind me again to pick him up I'm going to chop your balls of in your sleep.Kian:ok ok I'm just worried about my friend,so are you going to befriend him Mya?Mya:I don't know yet,besides why do I have to go get him he's your friend.Kian:Because,I have to go to a meet and greet with Trevor, sam,Ricky,and Connor,while you'll be getting Jc and showing him his room,then he will be going to the meet and greet.Mya:Fine but how will I know who he is?**kian hands her a picture** MYAS POVKian hands me a picture of him and as soon as I see it I guess I didn't look shocked and I guess that made Kian shocked."why aren't you surprised"he said.because pretty much all of o2l is at my house every day,and you think I'm going to get excited over Howdy?"guess not now go pick him up" he said Ok ok.JC's POVI've been waiting for 30 minutes but as soon as Mya got there I let go of the anger.I run up to her and pick her up and she says"hi I'm Mya Sandiford and I'm Kians sister." I've heard so much about you. Myas's POVAs soon as I got there I started looking around,then all of a sadden someone picked me up and hugged me,I realized it was Jc.Hi I'm Mya sandiford,my brother is Kian lawley."I've heard so much about you"he said.Then put me down.Mya:ok my cars over here.Jc:this is your car Mya:ya soJc:so you a girl has a Ferrari Mya:that's highly offensive Jc:ok then how did you get itMya:well I used to live in Detroit and I started saving up money from youtube then I moved to LA then I saved up some more I got the house,then I got the car.Jc:wow my car is on its way here nowMya:ok here's the plan you have to stay in my guest room until the guys get their guest room cleaned out Jc:ok do you have any roommates yes I have Andrea russet,and Marissa Evans,Dylan may,Jackson Cultor,and Josh sandiford my brother.Jc:damn how big is your houseMya:pretty big oh we're here nowJc's POVOn my way up I ran into every one that lived there.They each greeted me saying their names I learned that Dylan was a girl.when it can up to Josh he took me back and said"if you hurt my sister I will break your knee caps."I move in the room had a king size bed,a balcony,and a huge closet.Mya:are you all unpacked Jc:yaMya:ok let's go to the meet and greet.KIANS POVAs soon as I saw my sister with Jc I ran over to them.I hugged Jc then I hugged my sister and thanked her.Sis you lot is over there,be careful some fans are pretty mad that your not here.When every one saw me with Jc they asked if we were dating I was being ambushed with questions.I had to say we weren't dating,but we were friends.When it was over Jc came to my room and knocked I said come in and he asked me if I would show him around the town.whats up Hop along you don't want one of your boys to show you around.Their all busy and I wanna know where I'm going to be living for the rest of my life."he said.yea ok I'll show you around tomarrow."ok thanks."he said. Ok I'll talk to you tomarrow well start at 10:00am--------------------------Hey guys sorry it's kind of short but tomarrow will be longer Vote and comment 😘
Disclaimer: I do not 'own' Shawn Mendes, or his music.
© All Rights Reserved.
Shawn Mendes is a simple, caring, lovable kid.When his music career takes off after school ends, and he plays all Summer, how will it effect his grades after Summer is over? How will he play concerts for his fans? Maybe one thing will be good in school...
The new girl...
-------------------------------------------------------------
Shawn and every other character in his grade or class are eighteen by the way! (Shawn, Dallas, Flynn, Emily... Etc...
--------------------------------------------------------------
Important Notes Will Be In Bold Italic
A/N Will Be In Italic With (+)'s around it
Time Skips And Necessary POV Changes Will Be In Underlined Bold
---------------------------------------------------------------

"Hey, Flynn." I say, answering my phone, as my friend Flynn calls me on FaceTime.
"Heyo Shawn!" Flynn shouts back, "Shh, my mums asleep." I shush him, "Oh, okay..." He replies, quietly.
"So I heard you're Summers over." Flynn tells me, and I nod, slowly.
"I wish it wasn't. I already know what Cameron's grades looked like when he went back to school last year." I state, and Flynn nods, "He could make a song out of it." I say, and we both laugh. "Yeah. He really could..." Flynn says, and we continue laughing.
"I heard there's a new girl in town, Shawneee!" He says, excitement in his voice.
" Beep beep beep crunch "My alarm clock rang, Opps hit it too hard."Shit" I said and looked at my hand blood "double shit""HAHAHA" a deep chuckle came from the other side of the room "who's there?" No response "Hello?" "I'm going crazy""Hannah time for school" my moms voice rang "UHHH kill me now" "Now now hannah it's your first day" " And everybody's 78th""See you in ten I have brekfsat" "Fine" Once she left I got up and put on a tank top spaghetti strap, and a gray sweeter witch was cut off at my mid tummy and the tank top keeps going down. I put on a boxers with skulls on them and then my leggings (fishnet) and shorts, I put on my boots next combats my dad gave them to me, I put in my chocker an arm band and went down stairs."Hey mom" I said "Hey baby""Shit" I cursed" Language but what" "I'm going to be late""Ok go have a nice day" I said and ran out the door. I garbed my skateboard and skated to the school with was a block away.* at school*once I got there I went to the front office"Hello dear can I help you""I'm hannah Richars""Ah yes here is your agenda and classes, oh and here is your whistle""Thank you" I said and ran to my first class " everyone this is hannah" the teach said as I walked in "She is our new student from the highlands" Everyone gasped"What's so wrong with the highlands?" I asked"It's like the richest place on earth""And Kim Richards lives there""Not anymore" I said Everyone looked at me" we moved" "We" a girl shrieked"Ya me an my mom, Kim Richards And I'm hannah Richards"Everyone looked at me as so I killed the teacher."Ok ok sit down now ms. richerds"I took a seat.Lunch finally came I sat down at a table alone, but that didn't last long a girl with long black hair witch put my wine red hair to shame."um hi I'm jane can I um sit with you?""Sshure" I studdered"I'm hannah""I know""Oh ok ""So how's your first day going?""Ok I guess I nearly hiperventalared when 5 guys asked me out""Why? You just got here"" Because my moms Kim richerds""Oh your richerds kid cool""Ya""So wanna hang out some time?""Ya we can go to my house after school if you like?""Ok cool""Ring ring""Got to go" I told her""Ok bye"After shool"Hey jane" I said as I skated over""Ready?" She asked"Ya"She pulled out her skate bord and we skated to my house" Here it is"I said and walked up to a large blue house"Wow" jane said"Thanks"We walked I. And my mom greeted me and jane "hey baby who's this""Mom this is jane,jane thes is my mom""Hi mrs richerds""Oh please call me kim"" Ok kim"" We are going up to my room""Wait hannah""Ya "" Um I have a movie in the isiled and I have to leave TMR can you stay here I'll be gone for a month""Ya mom I man it's not the first time right?, and I have jane" I said and festered to jane"Thanks for understanding""No prob"We walked up stairs "so this is my room and that's my dog" I said and pointed at a husky" Aww what's his name?""Her and hienata (#narato fans)"Aww" she said and peted herShe stayed for an hour then went home"Hannah lights out"My mom said and took my book from me "but mom Kizzy's dad just she'd upAnd and and I have to find out why!."TMR you can read all you want it's saterday""Ok mom" I said and got into my bed"Shit" mom said and looked at her phone"Language missy" I said to my mom"Oh can it um I have to leave now for Isiles it's an emergency" ok mom love you" "love you too baby""Mom?""Ya ""Bring me back a sovaner""Ok love you""Love you" she left and I closed my eyes and fell asleep."Creak" my eyes shot open grabbed knife from under my pillow and my knife and glanced at the wall clock 1:30 am" who's there?"I said an got up" I said who's there?"I drew my knife it was about 12 inches long and 3 inches wide" I I'm wa warning you my dads was a marine""Why dose that matter?" A deep voice rang out"B because h he tttaught me everything I know" I started to berate harder"Still your a little girl a week one in fact"" Go aw aw away""No can do""Why""Because""W W wh why""You ask to much you should just go to sleep" he said and ran at me, I dodged and ran to the door he got there first and slammed it, I ran for the window still faster he growled" still like the others" I drew my knife and stabbed him in the arm"Bitch your smart"I bent for anout her blow but he caught it" not smart enoughf"He threw it on the floor I baked up he got closer until I was in a corner " Ya know iiif yoyyou go now I won't kiill you" he laughed " like to see you try""Ok then"I said and closed my eyes"Ya I need help""What the" he said "Ya it's a man he has a knife""Thanks your just like a brother to me"i opened my eyes and close them " black hair black ratcoon white hod-die and black Pants and boots and a knife""Ok"* that's person view*"Ya crazy girl just GO TO SLEEP"" You won't lay a finger on her" hannah said"Her you are her""Hannah's not here kuybbi is here""No way""You go now""No oh and zabarouggt""Nooooo""Kuybbi what's wrong""Shit are you hert""Ya badly" "Hannah listen to me "" I have to go away now"" No no""Goodbye hannah""You killed kubbie""So what I sent him away not kill"I started crying"Shh shh it's ok just go to sleep ""No""No?"I shove him he fell in to my chair I ran to the door and opened it and ran down stairs and out the door I ran and ran and ran and ran till I was lost "Shit shit shit shit""Hannah?" Janes voice wrong out" Jane thank posidon" " what's wrong" she said and huged meI sobbed " a a man broke iiiin and tried to kill mumunumme and he he he he said t t to go to sldldleep""Jeff "she mumbled"Whwhwat""Nouthing""Let me take you to my house"I started hiperventalateingJanes pout of viewhannah started freaking out "Jane?""Jeff"" What are you doing here" "with my kill""You haven't killed her""I will in minet" "No you won't ""Ahh I see your killing her" Han started to freak"No I wont" "Why she's human""So I'm her friend""So slender will me mad""Risk in willing to take for her" " Just give her to me and go fuck someone"*thud*" hannah?""She had fallen to the ground and was curled up in a ball, she was rocking back and forth weazing, I knelt down"Hannah it's ok all ok,in here calm down"She nodes and started crying"See what you did"" Give her back""No"*thud* I looked down to see hannah had fainted from hiperventalateing "Hahahahha" jeff laughed "Shut up and go""No" "I'll call Sally she's hunting with me tonight" I said and jeff gave me a glare" fine I'll be back" he ran off and I looked down at hannah , I picked her ip and ran to her house and put her in bed and sat in the chair"dont worry hannah it's ok"Hannah's point of viewI woke up and I was in my bed"It was just a dream"I picked up my phone and called jane"Hey""Hi jane""What's up""um if you want can you come over for a sleep over? I don't feel safe alone I fell like I'm beaing watched""Shure thing"* bang*" jane?" "Who's that" a voice wrong out" go away ben" "Tell me is it your boy friend aww dose janey want have a crush" "I'll crush you" "yelp""sorry hannah be there in an hour" "ok "Soon enough jane knocked on my door"Hey""Hey hannah""Come in" she came in and put her bag down"so who's Ben?"She froze" you herd that huh?""Ya" "he's my um little brother" she said unsure of herself"ok cool"* bang* " what was that?" Jane asked " maby hienata I'll go check" I walked up the stairs Hinata ran past me "hienata" I walked into my room and saws guy siting in my chair"who are you"" I'm jeff" "Jeff?" "Ya" "Wait your from my dream" "Not a dream""What do you want?" "For you to GO TO SLEEP"" I ran downstairs and into jane "What's wrong " "he's real your real he going to kill me ""Who what ""His name is Jeff ""JEFF" she yelled "Yes jane dear" he said from behind me"Get the fuck away from her" "No can do" he brought his knife to my throat I screamed "good" he said "Not you my my my hands there burning "I screamed again I looked down to see blood he took away his knife and I ran to the bathroom ,slammed the door and locked it I looked down at my hands blood I cleaned them and screamed"Hannah" janes voice sounded concerned "give me a minet" "Ok" I looked at my hands and O with an X through it on my wrist I unlocked the bathroom and walked out Jeff and Jane were talking one siting on the couch and didn't notice me I hid both of my hands like grabbing them like shaking a hand grab but with my wrist "hannah" jane said and hugged me and sat me down Jeff grabbed my arm"HEY" I said kept my grip"What's wrong with your wrists?" "Nothing""Lie better" he tried to grab one but I held my ground "one" I tightened my grip"two" I shook my head" three" " no," he leaned down to my neck and blew I shivered and garbed my neck but he was fast and grabbed my hand, he smiled and turned them over and tensed up "jane look"Jane looked and say the markings on my wrists "hannah why didn't you tell us" I shrugged " they will come"Jeff said "i know what do we do""We have to protect her "Jeff said "ok we will"* knock knock*" I'll get it" I said And stood up, I walked up the the door and opened it"hello?" Nobody was there "Dang dingdong ditchers" I saidI was about to close the door when a gush of wind blew it open "gak" I squeaked and closed the door, I walked back to the living room" who was it?""No one ""Wait no one" jane asked "ya but there was a gush of wind, that blew the door almost off its hinges" I said "wait wind"Jeff said "ya"i said and stood up"hey are you guys hungry?" I said and walked into the kitchen " hannah get back here" jane said "what was that I can't here you?" I said "I'll get her" Jeff stood up quickly "scream" jane stood and both killers ran in the other room"who are you?"i said "BEN" Jeff said "oh hey smile, jane""What do you want?" Jane asked "Her duh he sent me" Ben said"Why would he send you your high" jane said and Jeff snickered "Look I'm not high and were the fuck did she go" I ran and ran and ran I knew something I had to get out of there so I grabbed my bag and shot to the door and outside I grabbed my skateboard an hightailed it out."Shit, what am I going to do, were am I going to go?" I asked myself suddenly 99 red balloons started to play"mom" I said and answered my phone "mom?""Hey baby I'm just calling to check up, how are you ?" I thought about my reply"um ok mom hey um, you said your friend lives somewhere um we're ""Why honey? Are you in trouble""Um no I just thought I could stay with her um I feel kinda freaked""Why are you ok, why happened? I'm coming home now" "No no mom I'm gone I just felt like someone was watching me but I guess I don't want to be alone""Ok honey I'm she lives on sandy rode 2456 let me talk to her" "ok mom one sec"I walked up her pathway and knocked "hello" a woman said I said hi and handed her the phone"who is it?" "My mom" "hello?" "Kim oh hi oh my gosh it's Been to long" they talked along time"ya ok ya I will ok you take cate" "Ok hannah come on it" I came in and saw a little girl and three boys looked like 15, 19 and20"everyone this is hannah Kim girl" "Sally come here and I'll clean you up and we can call your parents" the little girl walked to her "wait she isn't your daughter?" I asked"No I found her all bloody and I'm fixing her up and maybe finding her parents""We'll Sally if you like I can help?" her eyes widened as she looked at my outstretched arm she took it and smiled "Ok" we fixes her up and she asked me" do you want to play?" I smiled softly" sure what do you want to play?""Hide and go seek" she said "Ok let's go outside" she said again"Um ok" we want to the back yard an she said "I'll count"I ran and hid I'm a toy box "one ,two , tree," I felt unsure this was a game  " fore,five, six , seven , eight , nine"i felt someone grab my hair"TEN"* scream*" found you" she took out a knife "please don't" I asked her"nope"she said "fine but make it quick"i pleaded "that won't be ok sally" a voice behind us said "Jeffy!" she said "Sally let her go" Jeff said "no can do jeffy, you see he sent us and we won't fail" my eyes widened "you can't carry her back your 5" Jeff said"wait we" I asked "ya, we JACKY""Ya Sally oh you fond her, and him oh no" I turned to see a boy about 16 he wore a black hoddie and a blue mask"please just let me go" I said in a small voice"please" I.    started hiperventalateing "see what your doing" Jeff said " ya he taped my head and I fell limp.* Jeff's point of view*She fell limp " what did you do""She's ok" I ran at him"give her back now"suddenly eyerthing went black and I felt blood and passed out._______________________________
Hey guys gracy83 here sorry about misspelled words and grammar, I hope you like the first part many more will come hopefully, this is chapter one btw give me suggestions, comments and helpfulness.Thanks hannah
Kyle POV
I woke up to a loud alarm clock. Great...I turned it off and got dressed for school. After a couple of seconds I started walking to school alone until I heard someone call out to me. "Kyle!" Stan ran up towards me, then yet again I begin to blush. I smiled, "hey Stan. What's up?" "Oh I just wanted to talk for a bit." "Oh." I didn't have one of my mittens I only had on one so my mom didn't want me to go out without any.
I didn't want Stan to see that I didn't have my other one on so I put my hand with the mitten on my other hand. It was still cold though... "Kyle." "Yeah?" "Give me your hand." "H-huh?" "Give me your hand." Stan laughed at me. I blushed & held my hand out. He had both of his mittens on so he held my hand. I hoped that no one would see us and call us faggots like that fatass...but I liked holding his hand. It felt...nice somehow.
I never wanted to let go. Until I heard "aww look at the cute faggot's holding hands." "Shut up cartman no one cares." Stan told him and ran off holding my hand still. "Stan....?" He didn't say anything until we got inside the school. "Is your hand warm now kyle?" He smiled. "O-oh yes. Thanks dude haha." We but our backpacks in our lockers and got what we needed for class.
Once we got to class we started working. Of course kenny was pretending to do work when really he was reading porn mags. I played attention well enough in class so I usually had to help him. After class was gym. After playing football in the guys unit we had to take showers so we wouldn't smell bad or something. After I was done I had all my clothes on. I'm guessing I was the only one there until I heard Stan.
"Hey kyle your still in here?" Stan had his shirt. I was blushing so much that I had to hide my face. But at least he had pants on..."y-yeah!" "Oh." He put on his shirt. His cheeks were a bit pink. After that we walked back to class. I was still a bit embarrassed but it was funny. In class I kept thinking about asking Stan something..
I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch with Kenny. I wondered were Stan was so I could ask him. "Hey kyle." "Yeah?" "Do you like Stan or something?" "n-no! I'm not gay or anything..." Kenny looked at me for awhile then he just stayed quiet. I saw Stan and went up to him.
"S-stan!" "Whoa dude, what is it?" "Could you go somewhere with me tomorrow!" I didn't realize I was yelling. My heart was beating so fast...Stan looked at me and smiled. "Sure. I wouldn't mind I mean were friends." He pat my head which made me blush. "O-oh yeah...okay." I smiled. I saw Kenny looking at us. He just smiled and walked away.
Before we start with my life long journey we should start about me the main character Tyra yes u can call me Tyra no one calls me T my story will have everyone spinning in circles so much drama and the men don't get me started well back to me I am 17 but the author is only 15 yes I know that's weird but who cares have u ever been in love with someone so damn bad that u just refuse to leave them year that's right I'm talking about my man malachi jhonson and sweet jesus he's a hot tie we basically grew up together yes at a, point in my life we lost touch but malachi always finds a way to pop up he's my man that's one of the reasons why I love him lets describe him well he's 6'3 milk chocolate dark chocolate dreads and he has tatoos he plays football and he has muscles we ment in the 6th grade for the first time I remember when I dropped those stupid books and he quickly came to help me we instantly exchanged eye contact and fell in love with each other our first kiss was in 7th grade we lost contact at the end of 8th grade during the summer in July but he's back now and like always he's mine all mine no one will ever have him he will always be mine I'm 5'4 and thick milk chocolate and I'm a good girl ride or die type girl so we already know I'm malachi ' s rider no matter what now let's head to the story I can't wait nice talking to you'll
Kharisma's POVHi, I'm Kharisma. Kharisma Lilic. I'm 16 this year. I was living in Singapore before moving to California. My mom was a Singaporean while my dad is a Canadian. I am the eldest among all my siblings. I have to two brothers who also happens to be a pair of twins. Their names are Kol and Kasper. Kol was a few minutes older than Kasper. They are both 14. ((A/N there's cursing somewhere in this story so be prepared))
Just as I opened my eyes I get attacked by a pack of oversized crazy mutts who had foam in its mouth. See it all started like this. Sleep.Wake. Monster.I don't remember much only a few hazy things. And luckily, that I have powers. I am the Solar Dragon Slayer (( Yes it's another dragon slayer fanfic but I can't help it! Dragon Slayers are so awesome)) and I belong to a guild called Fairy Tail. I stood up and dusted myself. I wore a blue suit which looked like I had just come from a battle. I had some cuts and a scar. And on my left arm was an emblem with silver. Fairy Tail....Suddenly I heard this roar. I looked up with a start and in front of me I saw a huge black dog with huge fangs and foam dripping followed by four more.I stepped back gasping. One of the monsters snarled at me and charged, I leapt up and over it easily, who would know I was a ninja! Instinctively I landed one leg back and another front ready for battle. Boy am I a weirdo cause suddenly..."Come at me puppy!" I shouted, it charged at me. I waited for a few moments....
"SOLAR DRAGON!!" I said sucking in the light above me, didn't know how I did it. I guess I sucked up the particles of light. "ROAR!!!" A large blast destroyed the truck dog leaving nothing but dust. I looked at it, but, I didn't know my powers were this strong. I grinned, I felt canine jaws. That's right, I'm a dragon slayer. I looked at the others who also charged at me. I charged at them."SOLAR DRAGON FIRE WINGS!" A golden fire appeared and I slashed out other two, who also became dust. The other two charged and disappeared into the shadows. "Solar Dragon Golden Fist!" I said and as one leaped out at me I punched it and the blast went through it, it turned to dust. I looked around and finally another appeared."Gotcha" I said, I ran forward and when I reached it I leapt up. Stupidly the dog looked up."Solar Dragon Claws!" I said kicking the dog. My foot ignited in flame like energy, I sent the thing flying. I watched it fall and disappear. Taking in a breath I sighed. Suddenly I heard a crack and I turned fist ignited.Then I saw a bunch of kids in orange shirts. "Crap" I huffed flames dying in my fist. "Um hello" I said out loud. They all flinched and looked at each other. I heard trotting and saw a... No way! A centaur! "Hello" he said " Please come, we need to talk" I nodded and started walking towards him, I caught sight of 4 teenagers. They spoke urgently among each other. As we walked by them I heard."It said dragon of the sun." A boy with green eyes said to them"Yes but it said wizard" a blond guy said. "The one who's lost in a world not her own" A blond girl said. "You think?" Said a girl with brown hair, a feather in it.I looked away and followed the centaur. I am a wizard of the Fairy Tail guild.... And I don't know where I am.
(Jordan's POV)I couldn't help but see the beautiful girl that was sitting at one of the tables in Starbucks when I walked in. As I strode over to the cash register I caught her eye, I could feel myself start to blush. After I get my drink I stroll over to where she is and sit across from her.
"Are you... Jordan Frye?" She asks, Biting her lip.
"Yes I am, You must be a fan," I reply leaning back in my chair. She nods.
"I'm Y/N," She states, Tucking her hair behind her ear.
"Well, Its very nice to meet you Y/N," I say, Grinning. She blushes as she meets my gaze.
(Y/N's POV)"Well it was very nice talking to you, But I have to go," I sigh.
"Wait! Y/N, Can I have your number?" Jordan questions, Grabbing my hand before I got out of my chair.
"Of course," I smile, Looking down at the floor to hide my blushing face.
"You look cute when you blush," He says lifting my chin up to look at him. Before he can lean toward me I pull out my phone.
"My number is (Your phone number)," As I read it off he types it into his contacts. He looks slightly hurt that I didn't want to kiss him. I obviously liked him, But I didn't know if I was ready to have my first kiss yet.
"Alright, Bye Y/N," Jordan says as we walk outside.
"Bye Jordan," I wave as we go out separate ways. I hope he texts me soon, I already miss him.
(Jordan's POV)I can't take it anymore. I need to text her.
J: Hey Y/N, Its Jordan :)
Y/N: Oh hi! I was hoping you would text me! :P
J: You were huh?
Y/N: Yea... Jordan I really like You and I think... I think you like me too...
J: Meet me at the park?
Y/N: Sure?
J: Okay, Cya there!
Y/N: Alright...
"I'll be right back guys!" I shout as I put my shoes on. I shut the door behind me as I start walking to the park.
(Y/N's POV)I scroll through Instagram while waiting for Jordan. I hear footsteps coming toward me so I look up. Jordan pulls me up off the bench and places his hands on my waist.
"I don't like you Y/N," He says.
"Then why are you doing this?" I question, Backing away from him.
"Because I love you," Jordan replies, Pulling me closer to him. We stare into each other's eyes as we both lean in. Our lips touch as electricity crawls through my skin and butterflies erupt in my stomach.
*beep beep*It's Sunday July 5th 2015, the day after Ashley's birthday. She is now officially an adult, 18. She still lives with her parents since she is still in school. She wakes up at the same time every day, 6:30. She has a routine: shower,blow dry her hair, get dressed, grab a granola bar, and walk to school. Today was no different, she got up showered then went to her vanity to blow dry her purple hair. She put on her usual attire: high waisted shorts (high waisted pants when it's cooler) ,a crop top and vans. When she was done she decided to skip grabbing a gronola bar, since she was running a little late.
Jeff and his family had just moved into a new neighborhood. His dad had gotten a promotion at work, and they thought it would be best to live in one of those "fancy" neighborhoods. Jeff and his brother Liu couldn't complain though. A new, better house. What was not to love? As they were getting unpacked, one of their neighbors came by.
"Hello," she said, "I'm Barbara; I live across the street from you. Well, I just wanted to introduce my self and to introduce my son." She turns around and calls her son over. "Billy, these are our new neighbors." Billy said hi and ran back to play in his yard.
So here I am, stuck in school and I'm rather bored, we're -well I'm- in biology and we're going over DNA and genes which I've read all about so I did my work twice as fast as the others and- I'm sorry, I uh...I must be rambling, I tend to do that a lot.
Well anyways, my names scarlett and im-
"Scarlett? Did you hear what I said?"
"Uh...sorry...zoned out.." The teacher sighed and shook her head and I could hear the others laugh at me...to be honest I never fitted in, I was always the shy girl who stayed to herself, I moved to america with my foster family a few years ago from Britain to las vagas, Nevada and it sucks to be here
"I said that the head wants to see you in his office, theres a few agents who want to speak to you" I stood up, collected my stuff and stuffed them into my satchel and walked out, when I got to the door I heard a few voices, things like
"Is she getting arrested?"
"I heard she hacked the FBI computers"
"Let's hope the freak gets expelled. We don't need a genius in the school" I lowered my head walked to the heads office, I knocked on the door softly and walked in, I fiddled with my satchel strap for a few minutes before looking up to the head and the two agents
"U-um..I am..really, really sorry if I did anything wrong sir but...uh...why are...why are there two FBI agents here?" I looked at the two agents, one looked like he was an African american and the other, well he was tall and very thin...a bit like me except I was shorter and have blue eyes
"Scarlett, this is Derek Morgan and Dr. Spencer Reid and don't worry, you are not in any trouble" I licked my lips, a habit that I do when I'm nervous and sat down, still fiddling with the strap of my satchel
"Uh...if I don't mind asking...why am I here?"
"They want to teach you themselves, Dr. Reid and Morgan thought it would be a good idea that-"
"So...I'm moving...schools?"
------
A/NNye here, hope you guys enjoy my first criminal minds fanfic, i have only completed season one and I'm onto season two but, most of the cases Scarlett will be working on will be from my own imagination
Nye out
The is a picture of Camille above or to the side
Camille's POV
Hi. My name is Camille Alicia Howard but, people call me Cami. I am 5'11, I have caramel skin, and I have long naturally curly hair. Enough about me though. My family is extremely wealthy. I'm talking we carry enough money around each time we go to the mall to buy the whole store. I have 7 siblings. First is Andre (Dre) then me, then Chantelle (Channi), then Chantler (Chan), then Katen (Kay), then Malik (He choose the nickname, Lil Man) then Jasmine (Jazzy), then Marlin (Mar). Our dad is Dwight Howard (45 years old) and our mom Jennifer Lopez (40 years old).I know what you're thinking, yes we have a really big family. There are 10 of us living in a 45,000 square foot mansion.
My dad used to play for the Lakers until he retired. He still looks like he did when he used to play basketball. Recently my dad got an opportunity to coach the Thunders, but they train in Atlanta so we had to move there. I'm excited but I am a little nervous because I have to go to a new school and a new dance school. I also have to make new friends. My mom says that I am being ridiculous and that I will make lots of friends and fit right in. My mom and dad along with my 7 siblings are my best friends. At least Dre, Channi, Chan, Kay, and I are going to the same school. We are going to Chamley High School. We are moving in 3 days buts I don't know if I want to move. All my friends are here in California but, I guess I have to wait to see what the future holds. I know I will have friends, but then again am I really sure?
Dre's POV
Wassup? My name is Dre. I'm pretty sure that my sister ,Camille, told you about our family so I'll just skip that. To get straight to the point, we are moving and I have mixed feelings about it. For my entire life I have lived in California but, now my family and I are moving to ATL (Atlanta). I am kind of excited though. I have talked to all my brothers and sister and they feel the same way I do. Anyways we move in 3 days and right now we are packing the rest of our stuff. Man I'm nervous!
I know that the plane ride to La Push is going to be very long and very boring. I know that it's a good idea to go but I really don't want to leave all of my friends here in Phoenix. I have to though, not only because mom and Phil need alone time, but because I have to keep an eye on my twin sister Bella. She is really clumsy, and going to a very wet, and rainy place, it will only get worse. It's not that I don't love my sister, because I do, it's just that I would like to have a break from the watching duty.
"Drew! Come on or else you are going to miss your plane!" Mom yells from downstairs. I look around my bare room one last time and grab my suit case and backpack off my bed. Mom assured me that dad got me a bed already so I don't have to worry about sending that, I also have a dresser and desk there, so I only had to send the rest of my things. They should be there by now, I have a hammock and hopefully I will be able to set it up in my room, just like I did here.
I walk down the stairs and see my friend Damion, he is like a brother to me. I know everything about him and his family, including him being a vampire. He is a good one though, he doesn't feed on humans, only on animals. Don't ask how I found out, it's not a pretty story. Anyway, before he was hanging out with this girl named Alice, they got split up and he was left hear broken. According to him, they were mares. That story always makes me sad, he told me about her special ability to see the future. "What are you doing here Damion?"
"I can't say goodbye to my sister?" He asks, pretending to be hurt.
"If you really want to, make sure that you visit though."
"Of course I will visit, if there aren't more of me there, it would not be good to have a new comer on their territory." He whispers the last part quietly, making sure not to let the others hear him.
"Lizzy, come on! I want a hug before you leave!" Phil whines. He is like a brother to me also, even though he is my step dad. We bonded really quickly. I smile and hug him tightly. "I'm going to miss you Lizzy!"
"I'm gonna miss you too!" He sets me back down and we head out to the car. I place my bags in the trunk and slide into the back seat next to Bella. We are complete opposites, she hates the rain, but I love it. I hate the sun, and she prefers it. She is clumsy and doesn't do well in sports, while I am the athletic one.
"Make sure you email often, text whenever you get the chance, oh, and make sure to win them some trophies!" Mom says excitedly. I don't think she ever found a way to calm down when she was my age. I got my bubbly spirit from her. Bella got her social awkwardness from dad. I, unlike my mother, found a way to stay calm, I play many sports. I love to run! I wont be able to run as much there until I get used to running in the rain though.
"Okay, I love you all, but we got a plane to catch." Phil says as we say our last goodbye's in front of the air port. I give Mom and Phil one last goodbye before heading to the desk and handing her my ticket. I made sure to wear something comfortable for the plane ride.
After we are in the air I take out my phone and listen to some music, hopefully it will get my mind off my first day of school tomorrow. Dad enrolled us in school already because he thought that it would be better for us to start off right away. Luckily tomorrow is Monday so we have to go through the entire week. Note the sarcasm.
The music didn't help my mind drift away though, all that I would think about was school. Don't get me wrong, I love school, I'm a high honer, straight A student, I just wanted more than a few hours to get settled in before school starts. Maybe I can convince dad to let me stay home tomorrow so I can get fully settled in. Yeah, that will happen with pigs fly. It wont hurt to ask. Then again, if I am able to stay home, then Bella would be left alone on her first day of school. What kind of sister would I be if I allowed that to happen?
GiratinaSpiritombSableyeBanetteGengarMismagiusChandelureDriftloonRotomCofagrigusDusknoirGolurkShedinjaFroslassJellicent

[02/04/15 at 18:37]
Michael: hello
Luke: who tf is this?
Michael: Can you not read display names?
Luke: fuck off
Michael: Luke, I'm sorry.
Luke: michael, whoever the fuck you are. Just leave me alone!
Michael: wait!
Michael: Can we still talk? You seem cool..
Michael: okay, you think about that offer.
Michael: please say yes..
-------------------------
Guess who's making another book!
I haven't done a boyxboy book before so this is a new experience for me!
Enjoy.
Hiiiii my name is Jayna you can call me Jay for short. I do take request. I am super excited to start writing so let me tell you all a little bit about myself
1. i am in 6th grade  (just graduated)
2. my favorite song is the A team By: Ed Sheeran
3. i  love soccer
4. i have a fish named Dory
5. i am a avid reader
6. i get emotionally attached to characters (don't we all)
7. i have a you tube channel
8. my favorite candy is laffy taffy
9. i used to be a cheerleader
10. my favorite movie is the breakfast club
11. i am shy at first but once you get to know me i'm really bubbly
12. i'm a little tomboyish
13. i don't have a boyfriend :(
14. i like singing but i'm not to good at it
15. music, writing and reading are my favorite things to do
i probably left a few things out but i hoped you enjoyed learing about me :)

Love.
The one thing I was a definite non believer in.
Like what idiot believed in the complete bullshit topic of love. How could anyone possibly believe that something so figurative could be so strong.
Because let me tell you I for one wasn't so easily fooled. Partially because I had never seen proof of this so called "love" shit.
Everyone my whole life raved about how special it was and made it sound so life changing. Yet no one could see that it clearly didn't exist and that it was all a delusional concept.
And yeah I know what anyone with a brain would be thinking, what made me think that I knew all there was to know about this whole love thing.
Well to be completely honest moving at all, it was my own personal opinion and everyone had the right their own opinion.
Which kind of seemed like a funny thing for someone named Sugar, and yeah I wasn't kidding either.
My parents on the date of September 11th 1996 decided that their precious little girl should be named Sugar.
Sugar Kalani Reed, boy wasn't that just creative.
I had a very love/hate relationship with my name up until present day.
As it made it easier to not be one of the six Alexander's or Hannah's in a room and it was never once spelled wrong. Yet there was a countless amount of jokes to be made which got annoying and often repetitive.
But still being named Sugar are with this unwritten document that said I had to be this airheaded bubbly nitwit who believed in sugar and spice and everything nice.
Which I was nearly the complete opposite of. But that didn't mean I was some introverted weirdo who everyone stayed clear of in high school.
I had been sociable with a good amount of true friends and well off both academically and extracurricularly. Yet I had always been a realist, while other girls were chasing after boys and the idea of being loved I chose to steer clear of that drama and focus on me.
Which I had successfully done as I had worked my way up to the top ten percent of my class, while also maintaining a consistent spot in holding the lead for all the shows our school did.
Yeah I was a drama geek, sue me for it I couldn't care less. Other girls fawned over even the thought of kissing drama clubs golden boy Jack Kossik, meanwhile I didn't flinch as I had to do it for the umpteenth time.
The idea of love had never even been in the cards for me, nor did I want it to be as it was more hassle then it's worth.
I was perfectly content at the age of nineteen being single and living the typical life of college student.
I lived in a tiny room the size of a large coat closet while majoring in a field that 99.9% of the time can't guarantee you job, all while keeping a pretty active social life.
And I absolutely loved my simple college life. I only went to class twice a week for three hours each.
And in three years time I would have a legitimate degree not a marriage license and bun in the oven like some.
So ask me if I gave a shred of care about love and I would probably laugh and call you stupid. But that's just who I was, I fully respected anyone else's views. This was just who I was and what I believed.
Don't get me wrong I was happy for people who believed in the concept of love and fully embraced it. However I did enjoy when someone had the same views as me on the subject.
Like my best friend Colette who was just as happy as I was to be single, maybe even more. Although she believed in love but didn't go lurking for it around every corner like most.
I mean I had my fair share of flings throughout high school and even now but none gave me that feeling everyone describe. Where you don't see anyone but that person, just feeling like you can completely give yourself to someone. So I was positive it was an imaginary thing.
And I lived in Hawaii which meant hot shirtless boys all year round. Yet none of them were any different from the next.
So I would happily continue living my life in paradise the way I had been for years on end.
People could make all their jokes about me being so not sweet for someone named Sugar but again I couldn't care less.
It was my life so I would live it the way I wanted not the way that anyone else wanted me to live. And frankly anyone who didn't care for it could suck it and that was the last of it.
So call me crazy but love didn't exist. But who knows maybe one day my perspective will change.
Probably not.
HI GUYS!!
So I deleted my last fanfic because I didn't really like the way it was going and I thought it was kinda stupid. So I'm starting this new one and you may think "the title has nothing to do with it" but it's how she's feeling.
This new fanfic will have most of the same characters but they'll be different of course.
The "main character" (IDEK it changes pov from time to time but she's one of the main character's)  her name is Lannah like the other fanfic but she's Calum's little sister and she was adopted when she was younger.
She thinks that nobody really notices her or pays attention except for her brother so she feels like she's kind of just there. That is why the story is called "Alone" and as you can see I have a thing for smoke.
Anyway I swear I'll try to make the story enjoyable and the first chapter should be up tonight or tomorrow :-) thanks for reading guys. Sorry if you wanted to know what happened with the last one I just wasn't into it. -Lannah (oh what a coincidence I have the same name as the "main character")
Ashton's favourite brand of shoes is Vans.
"Ok so make sure you finish up your French pro-" The teacher's words were interrupted by the sound of the bell ringing, signaling the start of 'A' lunch. Students grabbed their lunches and scattered out the door in a hurry, high school students are always hungry at this time of day.
I walked alongside other students through the halls, greeting friends and stopping at my locker, and grabbed my economics textbook. Today I wasn't going to be eating my lunch. I needed to be studying for my final test in my least favorite class.
Gail's POV
"Uuuuhhhhh!" I moaned as I shuffled in my bed. Day 3 of school, nothin new. Just twats and sluts, well besides my best friends. My school like many others was very cliquey. The populars, the potheads, the snobs, and the nerds. I was definitely a nerd. I'm just a girl with two friends who loves video games, anime, movies, and music. My friends Dan and Phil had the same interests.
I quickly snapped out of my weird coma and realized I'd be late for school if I didn't get ready soon. I jolted up and looked at my closet. I pulled out a black and white mayday parade T-shirt with black skinny jeans. I pulled on some white socks, and grabbed a black and white sweatshirt as well as grabbing my bag witch was with the theme of black. I looked at my schedule and realized that I had science, and maths in the morning. I loved science but hates maths.
I quickly ran into my bathroom and plugged in the straightener. I combed my indigo coloured hair and fringe that covered my left eye. As the straightener heated up I put on my black, thick-rimmed glasses. I grabbed the straightener and straightened my bangs a bit, because my hair was a bit wavy. The fringe covered my eyes but because of my glasses they rested on top of them.
I dashed down the stairs and popped a piece of toast in the toaster. "Hurry up sweety!" My mom called from the living room. "Mmphhh" I responded, with toast in my mouth, and jam around my lips. I licked of the jam and laughed my way to the door ignoring my little brother who was eleven and making fart jokes. I pulled on my black converse, grabbed my backpack and headed out the door.
I walked two houses over, and knocked on the door. "Hurry up Phil." I mumbled to my self. All of a sudden the door I was leaning on opened onwards and I fell face first into Phil. He started to laugh his head of even though he was just as clumsy as I was.
"Shut up!" I groaned as I punched him repeatedly in the arm. "Ow! Ah! I'm sorry!" He said with a small smile. I laughed at his embarrassment. "Where's Dan?" I asked Phil. "Doing his fringe what else?" We collectively laughed at Dan. "What are you too on about?" Dan asked.
He was wearing a black My Chemical Romance T-shirt as well as black skinny jeans. Phil was in a green and blue shirt with black skinnies.
"Oh nothing sir Daniel of fringe-wood." Phil and I started to laugh. "Oh shut up you twats." Dan smiled at us. "Hurry up or we'll be late." I said exhaustedly. " Nobody's slower than the Lester brothers." I giggled. They both punched me in the arm. "OW!" I exclaimed. We started on our way to school.
Dan and Phil were a year older,16, and in 11th grade. I had most of my classes with them because I was in all the advanced classes, well except maths. Phil would tutor me sometimes, but I still kinda sucked. The only other difference was that I took vocals and they took art.
I was not looking forward to science with Ms. Capstick. We always called her Chapstick. "You think Chapstick will check our homework?" I asked. "What do u care your a frikin genius." Dan joked. "Ya." said Phil. "You should see Dan's mark." he nudged Dan. "Shut up." he replied still smiling. The rest of the way we talked about howls moving castle. Yah that's it.
*Phils POV*
It was the first day of a new school year and I was not excited. Okay, most kids aren't thrilled about going back to school, but they sure did want to go see their friends again. As for I, Well, I don't have any.
I sighed and got dressed, then stumbled downstairs, hoping not to see my family awake, But, they were.
"Morning!" My little sister Kate said with a lot of enthusiasm. I ignored her and grabbed a bowl for cereal as she frowned.
"That wasn't very nice, Philip." My Father said, not seeming to happy. I came out to my parents last weekend.. My mum was perfectly okay with it, but my dad on the other hand was not. He seemed so disappointed in me...
I sighed again and put the bowl down.
"I'm not in the mood right now to talk." I mumbled to them and walked out of the door.
As I walked I noticed Dan. Dan is the person that has bullied me ever since i came out to my 'friends', they told everyone and left me for the popular kids. Which is why I spent so long deciding whether to tell my parents or not.
"Well well well, look who it is." He said, walking towards me.
His voice sends shivers down my spine, and when he approaches me its like a vampire piercing his fangs into my neck and I'm unable to move.
"Go away." I said cold, regretting it a little when he gets closer.
"Awh, Little Philly thinks he runs the show around here? He thought wrong." He said, pushing me the slightest bit, enough to make me drop my books.
"Can you not!" I yelled, starting to get frustrated as my breathing started to increase.
"Shut up." He said harshly.
I looked down, ignoring him and grabbed my books then tried to walk away, but he grabbed my arm.
"Why in such a rush?" He smirked as I got shakier.
"I d-don't want to be late." I stuttered.
"You won't be, don't worry." He gave a devilish smile and moved the hair out of my face.
I swallowed air in fear as his face got closer to mine.
He slowly leaned in and kissed me. I froze in fear as my cheeks turned pink red. He KISSED me.
*A/N*Hey guys, this is my first Phanfiction so I really hope you like it. Sorry this was such a short chapter, I'll try and make them longer in the future and I'll also try to update regularly ☻.
As I continued to fall off the 18 story building, I realized I left my hair straightener on.  "God dammit", I whispered to myself, wondering how I'm going to get myself out of this situation and still prevent burning the luxurious hotel that doesn't even have a 13th floor down. Nows not the time for me to think up random facts like that. I heard the screams of people below me while I, surprise, continued falling from an 18 story building and worry about my straightener that could possibly burn the whole thing down.
I'll say what I ship and you either accept it, or become a hater.Well thanks for READingAnd if you liked this, then thanks for wasting your time on me!
,,Omg wir sind da!"quiekte ich vergnügt.Mein Biologie Kurs machte einen Ausflug in den Wald um die Unterschiedlichen Pflanzenarten zu erkunden und zu untersuchen.Eigentlich hatte niemand wirklich Lust dazu,doch alles war Besser als normaler Unterricht.Mein Kurs bestand aus insgesamt 10 Leuten:Anna,Tim,Nico,Jason,Mike,Lisa,Sarah,Mrs Johnson,Mr Johnson und mir.Mein Name ist übrigens Lena.Anna war meine beste Freundin,und ihr fester Freund war Tim.Nico war sein Bruder und der beste Freund von Lisa.Sarah Stand auf Jason,dieser war aber schwul und mit Mike zusammen.Verwirrend nicht?Aber das ist eigentlich alles was ihr über uns wissen müsst..Es war erst früher Abend als wir ankamen und unsere Sachen in die alte Waldhütte brachten.Sie war recht gros und ziemlich zugewuchert.Überall ragte Efeu die Wände entlang und dornige Brombeeren umrahmten das Fundament.Der einzige Weg ins Haus war über die staubige und ziemlich Morsche Veranda.Anna Und Tim waren die ersten die Drinne waren und ihr Zimmer Aussuchten.Das gute war das unsere Lehrerin ihren Mann dabei hatte und uns deshalb erlaubte mit dem anderen Geschlecht auf einem Zimmer zu sein.Nico und Lisa hatten schon im Bus lautstark klargestellt das sie zusammen in einem Zimmer schlafen würden,weshalb ich mit Sarah in einem Zimmer bin und Mike mit Jason.Der Nachteil?Es gab insgesamt nur 4 richtige Zimmer zum schlafen und einen Dachboden.Mrs Johnson bestand darauf das wir Schüler auf dem Dachboden schliefen,weshalb wir auslosten und die Wahl auf Nico und Lisa viel.Nach dem alle mehr oder weniger ihre Zimmer bezogen hatten versammelten wir uns auf der Veranda und setzten uns auf umgekippte Baumstämme die als Bänke dienten.,,Lust auf eine alte Geschichte?"Mr Johnson schaute uns alle an und das Gemurmel über das Haus verstummte.Selbst Tim,der sonst einfach immer einen Spruch drückte oder redete war verstummt.,,Also.Glaubt ihr an hypernormales?Supernatürliches oder Dämonisches?"Die Jungs fingen an zu lachen und Sarah sagte:,,Nein Mr Johnson.Wenn es so etwas geben würde,würde die Arbeit meines Vaters ja gar keinen Sinn haben."Sie lachte verlegen und klammerte sich An Nico.,,Das ist kein Argument.Was ist mit den Menschen die als Geisterjäger,Pater oder Geisterbeschwörer Arbeiten?"mischte Ich mich ein.Ich glaubte zwar selbst nicht an sowas,aber ihr Argument war einfach nur blöd..,,Da spalten sich echt die Meinungen.Aber worauf mein Mann eigentlich hinaus wollte war,ob er euch eine alte Geschichte über dieses Haus erzählen soll.Immerhin gibt es einen Grund warum so ein schönes Haus leer steht und über die Jahre zerfällt..."Sie strich mit ihrer Hand über das Aufgesplitterte Holz des Geländers.,,Warum nicht.Vielleicht bekommt Jason ja Angst und kuschelt sich noch mehr an mich."Mike grinste und lehnte sich an Jason worauf Sarah nur traurig auf den Boden schaute.,,Also schön.Aber zuerst mache Ich ein Lagerfeuer,und in der Zeit macht Elsa euch etwas zu essen."Das "Essen" bestand aus hausgemachter Erbsensuppe die auf dem alten Gasherd aufgewärmt wurde.Nach 20 Minuten waren wir fertig mit essen und konnten schon den Rauch des Feuers riechen.Als wir uns alle versammelt hatten,war es stockfinster geworden und ein dumpfes Licht vom Feuer erhellte unsere Gesichter.Die Bäume raschelten im Wind und ein paar äste knackten,wie von Geisterhand.,,Vor knapp 40 Jahren,als wir in eurem Alter waren,ereignete sich hier ein Tragisches Ereignis.Eine 6 köpfige Familie die genug vom Stadtleben hatte beschloss sich zurück zu ziehen und errichtete dieses Haus.Sie waren überglücklich als es endlich Einzugsbereit war und voller Vorfreude weshalb sie die Warnung des Försters ignorierten und einzogen.Ein paar glückliche Jahre vergingen,bis der Vater plötzlich einen Unfall beim Bau dieser Veranda hatte und verstarb.Die Mutter,Jessica Harper Stand nun mit 3 Töchtern und einem Sohn alleine da.Sie meldete die Kinder von der Schule ab und verlies das Haus nicht mehr.Der Sohn ging nur noch einmal in der Woche in die Stadt um Einkäufe zu erledigen,ansonsten trauerten sie hier.Allein.Tag für Tag,Woche für Woche.Man munkelt das die jüngste Tochter immer runter zu dem alten Sumpf ging,der hinter dem Haus liegt und mit sich selbst Sprach.Als die Mutter ihr verboten hatte das zu tun,fing sie an zu weinen und veränderte sich.Sie behauptete,mit ihrem Vater zu sprechen und Geister zu sehen.Jede Nacht um Punkt 3 Uhr schlich sie sich aus den Haus und ging zum Sumpf.Einige Zeit später wurde auch sie tot aufgefunden.Erhängt,an einem morschen Baum der neben dem Sumpf wuchs,mit schwarzen Augen und Blutergüssen die ihren ganzen Körper zierten.Der Tod des Kindes war zuviel für die Mutter und sie verweigerte jede Hilfe.Sie tat nichts anderes mehr als in ihrem Schaukelstuhl zu sitzen und aus dem Fenster zu starren,direkt auf den Sumpf.Sie hörte immer noch die Stimme ihres Mannes und ihrer Tochter,die ihr sagten sie soll aus dem Fenster springen und ihre Kinder ermoden.Jessica dachte schreckliche Dinge,und fing an sich selbst zu verletzten.Sie schlug sich zähne aus und malte mit ihrem Blut Kreuze an die Wände.2 Tage später fand das älteste Kind seine Mutter in der Badewanne liegen.Er sah wie sich ihr Körper krümmte,als würde jemand auf sie einschlagen und ihre Augen sich verdrehten so das man nur noch das weiße sehen konnte.Ihre Körperteile verdrehten sich in unnatürliche Positionen und sie zischte auf lateinisch irgendwelche Sachen während die Badewanne sich mit ihrem Blut füllte.Geschockt von diesem Anblick rannte der Sohn aus dem Raum und stürzte die Treppe hinunter.Er brach sich sein Genick und hatte schwarze Augen.Zur gleichen Zeit stieg die Mutter aus der Wanne und erschlug ihr eines Kind mit der bloßen Hand.Immer wieder schlug sie den Kopf gegen den alten Boden und trat auf ihr Kind ein.Während sie das Tat war sie wie von sinnen und krümmte sich nach dieser Tat weinend auf den Boden,da sie das ganze Blut an ihren Händen sah und merkte was sie getan hatte.Plötzlich schrie sie wieder auf und krabbelte wie eine Spinne über die Leiche ihrer Tochter und öffnete die Schranke des Dachbodens wo sich ihr letztes,lebendiges Kind versteckte.Keine 10 Minuten später war auch dies tot,erwürgt mit einem alten Seil,den gleichen mit dem sich die jüngste Tochter das Leben nahm.Durch die ganzen Schreie wurden Wanderer auf das Drama aufmerksam und verständigten die Polizei die Jessica Harper fest nahm und in eine Geschlossene Anstalt steckte.Die Leute dort sagten sie wäre besessen und hätte keine Kontrolle mehr über sich selbst,was sich später auch bestätigte da sie eiserne Nägel spuckte und an ihrem eigenen Blut ertrank." Mr Johnson schluckte kurz und fuhr dann fort:,,bis heute weis man nicht genau was sich hier abgespielt hat,aber diese Morde gab es wirklich.Die vorletzte Treppenstufe hat eine eindeutige Kerbung im Holz,da wo der Kopf des Jungens einschlug.Die Lackierung des Geländers Ist nicht abgeschlossen weil der Vater aus ungeklärten Gründen über das Geländer viel und bei dem Sturz starb.Das Seil durch dem die 2 Kinder starben liegt immer noch auf dem Dachboden,in einer alten Box verstaut die unter Gerümpel begraben ist.Die Blutigen Kreuze an der Wand wurden zwar überstrichen,werfen aber trotzdem dunkle Schatten auf die graue Tapete.In Raum wo die Mittlere Tochter erschlagen wurde,ist eine Macke im Boden wo ihr Kopf immer wieder gegen prallte.Bis heute will niemand dieses Haus kaufen,weil es heißt das die bösen Geister und Dämonen noch heute hier sind und jeden töten werden der sich ihrem Grundstück nur ansatzweise nähert.Oftmals sind Dämonen oder Geister verärgert und aggressiv.Sie suchen einen Wirt und fahren in Gegenstände um die Menschen zu verängstigen und Kontrolle über ihr Leben zu Erlangen,was das erste Stadium ist:Die Heimsuchung.Nachts fahren sie aus den Gegenständen und bewegen Möbel,fügen dem Menschen Blutergüsse zu und nehmen Besitz über einzelne Personen,was auch Besitznahme gennant wird.Wenn diese dann psychisch so labil sind,dass sie sich nicht mehr währen können erfolgt das letzte Stadium:Die Besessenheit.Der Dämon,sprich Geist hat endlich einen Wirt und lebt in dem Menschen.Es fährt in ihn und lebt dort.Er bringt ihn dazu Sachen zu tun,und fügt einem Schmerzen wie Sexuelle übergriffe,blutergüsse,seelische schmerzen und unvorstellbare Sachen zu.Sie erfreuen sich daran wenn ihr Wirt leidet und verspotten Gott wann immer sie können.Ende." Sprachlos schauten wir Mr Johnson an.Wir sollten jetzt ernsthaft noch hier schlafen?!
Wie gefällt euch das erste Kapitel?Ich habe mir alles selbst ausgedacht und nicht kopiert.
Ashlyn's P.O.V.
I sit in the back of the class where no one could see me. I have zero friends. People say I'm weird but I take that as a compliment. There's something I've been hiding. I've havnt even told my parents because I'm afraid they're going to think I'm weird. There is actually a boy I'm crushing on. His name is Niall Horan. He's extremely cute and popular. But he's never going to like me ever. He has a little band named The Hot Ones. He has really jerky friends. They are Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Louis Tomsin, Zayn Malik. The nice one our of all of them is Niall and Liam.
I dropped my physics chemistry book on Harry's foot.
"Ouch you uptight bitch" he screamed. "Oh my goodness I'm so soorr-y" I stuttered. "It's alright love. We all know you didn't mean to" Niall said. "Thank you" I smiled. "Anytime gorgeous" he smiled back.
Did Niall Horan just call me love and gorgeous? It's like a dream come true for me. Who knows? Maybe I'll find a friend today? Nah! I laughed at my friend comment and headed to Algebra Class. My favorite class of them all. Niall is in advanced Algebra with me but not in regular.
"We meet again" Niall said to me walking past. "So we do" I said to lighten the mood. "A guy like you should not be talking to a girl like me" I said. "Don't trash talk yourself! What do you mean by that?" He asked. "Well you're so sweet and punky and I'm ehh" I said. "You think I'm sweet?" He asked. "Yes" I blushed. "Well I think you're adorable" he smiled. I chuckled. "Did I go to far?" He asked. "No Niall. It's just no one has ever cared for me this way" I said. "Not even your parents?" He asked. I frowned. "My parents died in the war" I said. "Oh I'm so sorry" he said. "It's fine" I said. "So what are you doing here talking to me? Don't you have a girlfriend?" I asked. "We are taking a break" he said. "Oh wow" I said.
When we were done talking in Algebra if was lunch. Niall had invited me to sit by him, but I possibly wouldn't fit in. I'm starting to wonder if Niall was just trying to be nice to me. Maybe he doesn't really like me or think I'm totally adorable. But I'll take the chance to actually talk to someone.
Maegan POV
When I was five, I wish for happiness.
I know, such a big word for a five years old kid. But back then, things were bad. Actually, it was far from bad. It was terrible. My brother, Austin or as I like to call him Rex and I lived with our mom because our parents got a divorce when I was still four and Rex was twelve.
Mom never wants a divorce since Rex and I were still so young, but when she caught dad cheating on her for the fourth time, she lost it. I mean, who wouldn't? If I were her, I would lost it the first time I found out my husband cheating on me. She's such a strong woman.
I didn't really understand what a divorce is back then. But I know it's not good. Because every night, my mom would cried. I know because I used to sleep in her room due to my nightmares. When she thought I was sleeping, she would tell me how much she loves Rex and I and how sorry she was about the divorce thing.
It was heart-breaking, hearing the woman who gave birth to you, the one who raised you, the one who would whisper sweet things to you to make you feel better, the one who promised will scare those monsters from your dreams away from you, the one that has been so damn strong finally breakdown and crying.
I didn't blame her for divorcing my dad. He was a terrible dad. Every weekends he would come home drunk around midnight. He always woke me up from how loud he's being when he went up to his room.
He never kiss me goodnight. He never hold my hand when we're out. He never bought me ice cream or lolly. He was never there. Not for my birthdays, not for my first day at kindergarten, never. It's like he forgot that he's a father. I always get jealous whenever I see my friends with their dad. Why can't I have a dad like that too?
So, on my fifth birthday, I wish for happiness. For me, for my mom and for Rex. For the three of us, to have a new beginning and make new memories.
To just start fresh and be happy.
~*~
Hi! So tell me what you guys think about this story. Should I go for it or just leave it?
This chapter is kind of like a prologue and I know this is super short but prologues aren't meant to be long ay? haha. And in the next chapters Maegan and Austin will be a few years older.
Your comments will means a lot for me.
Thank you, peace out! xx
-Myślisz że jak mnie zabijesz to sobie pomożesz pogrążasz się człowieku-odpowiedziałam do postaci która stała nad moim łóżkiem z nożem kuchennym
-Ciii...idź spać kochanie...idź spać-nagle postać zrobiła zamach nożem
-NIE!!!!-obudziłam się z męczącego mnie snu
-córciu co się stało?-zapytała z kuchni moja mama-znowu ten sen?
-tak niestety-odpowiedziałam
-to od tych horrorów ale mniejsza z tym zaraz przyjdzie Rose zbieraj się ja i ojciec idziemy zaraz do pracy
-dobrze mamo
Zaczęłam się ubierać miałam dylemat lecz po długim namyśle wybrałam czarne Vansy czarną bluzę i szare jeansy. Poszłam do łazienki uczesałam moje ciemnobląd włosy i w ogóle się ogarnełam wraz z lekkim czarnym makijażem...
-Natalia, Rose przyszła-krzyknęła z dołu mama
-jasne powiedz żeby przyszła!-odpiwiedziałam
-hejjj to dla ciebie-przywitała się rozgadana jak zwykle Rose podając czarną torbę z napisem ,,dzień horroru"
-hejjj co to?-zapytałam
-byłam na zjeździe filmów oczywiście były horrory ale sama zobacz co jest w torbie-mówiła zafascynowana
-o mega! Bluza Jeffa the Killer, super jest świetna dziękuje-przytuliłam Rose która wiedziała że fascynuje się tą postacią
-to co idziemy do galerii?-spytała Rose
-jasne tylko wezmę hajs-uśmiechnęłam się do przyjaciółki
Po 30 min byłyśmy w galerii i zaczełyśmy chodzić po sklepach. Na początku zawitałyśmy w H&M gdzie zaczęło sie masowe ubieranie w sukienki, wybrałam dwie jedną czarną a drugą w różowe kwiaty z odkrytymi plecami. Byłyśmy jeszcze kilku sklepach gdy wyszłyśmy z Douglasa zgasło światło i było słychać krzyk a jak zaświecono światło na ziemi leżały dwie martwe osoby nagle zadzwoniła mama
-dziecko w twojej galerii jest jakiś morderca uciekaj prosto do domu!-zaczela odrazu prosto w twarz
-mamo już idziemy w tej chwili wychodzimy pa...
",,",,",,"
Moje wypocinki haha @,@
This story is obviously based on HTM because of the title. I'll try my best to go along with most of the plot to HTM from their episodes. I mostly watched Pete's perspective, but I did watch others from time to time. (As in like the competitions, Lachlan's assassinations, first and final episodes, ect.)
I hope you all are as hyped as I am!
(Hey guys this is my first ianthony story :3 hope you guys like it)
(Ian's POV )I was sitting on the couch thinking of what smosh video  me and Anthony could do suddenly Anthony came in with his beautiful hazel coffee eyes looked into mine.I was blushing at my thoughts.Anthony then said with a smile,Ian I have news!! I asked him, what!! Me and Kalel are getting married!! My heart sank not to be wierd but I've always had a thing for Anthony but he doesn't feel the same i just faked a smile and said Congrats Anthony
(Anthonys POV)I told Ian about the news but he didn't seem very happy I could tell with his expression but then he smiled and I smiled back Ian said Congrats,I say thanks Bro. Well I got to go and plan stuff
(Ian POV)Ok bye Ant-Anthony!! I almost burst into tears, but then I went to my room I got my pillow and started crying then I just fell asleep
(Anthony's POV)I heard Ian crying but I was too nervous to go to his room and when I had the courage to go inside he was sleeping with his pillow all wet it was from his tears. I feel horrible I'll have to ask him tomorrow why he was crying,he is kinda cute sleeping.......... WAIT!?!?!?!?? ANTHONY SNAP OUT OF IT!!! That was so wierd Well I'll go to sleep maybe I have to much on me right now oh well goodnight,I whisper to Ian but he was asleep then I left and closed the door
THE NEXT DAY!!!!!!
(Ian's POV)
I woke up and yawned I wish I was with Anthony next to me but he is with his w-wife saying those words killed me I felt a burn in my heart well I better get ready for today and for Anthonikku i blush well I have to get ready!!
(Anthony's POV)I woke up and took a shower but Ian was on my mind. I was thinking about him crying I don't know why I didn't go to his room yesterday like a best friend should,but I guess I was to nervous for some reason.......I wonder why I thought he was cute while sleeping....well I'm going to ask him he walked out of his room Ian looked cute WHAT!?! Well never mind that thought I'll just go and ask him ummmm Ian I have to ask you something yesterday I heard you crying when I went to your room I saw you sleeping with tears what happened?
Authours note~~~~~~~~~~~~Hey guys hope you liked this chapter I will be writing more please tell me if you want me to add something idk just tell me thank you bye!!!
I'm a freshman in high school and my name is Americas Miller. I have wavy brown hair that I almost always keep in a ponytail, with brown eyes. I'm really tall and really skinny and I'm on the track team. I make and have so many friends I can't keep count. Pretty awesome and good.
I was running through the halls late for my very first class of the day. I was hoping the teachers wouldn't mind because I am a strait A student. I wasn't paying attention to where I was going and ran into a boy, which made me fly across the room because I'm just that lightweight.
"Oh no, I'm so sorry!" A hand reached out in front of me.
I grabbed it gently and he pulled me to my feet. It was the first time I've ever seen him before. His wavy shoulder length hair with cunning blue eyes made my breath hitch. He was so gorgeous my mouth was just open with shock. I tried to say sorry that I ran into him, but words wouldn't come out of my mouth.
"What's wrong?" He looked deep into my eyes.
I gulped.
"Y-yeah," I muttered,"sorry."
"Hey, do you know where Mrs. Gregory's class is?" He smiled.
I couldn't breath anymore. His smile made me want to melt.
"That's my class," I barely said.
"Cool, so you can take me there," he continued to hold my hand.
"Can I know your name first?" I sighed involuntarily.
"Ashton Laramore," even his name sounded gorgeous.
"I-I-I'm Americas Miller," I stuttered, blushing.
"That's a pretty name," Ashton complimented.
"Uh, we better go, because we are really late for class," I pulled him towards he classroom.
We walked in and everyone stared at us. I tried to pull my hand away from his but he just continued to hang onto it. The teacher glared at me and told me to take my seat. I watched as the teacher and him exchanged some words and she introduced him to the class.
"Everyone, this is Ashton Laramore, does anyone want to add him to your reading group?" Mrs. Gregory asked politely.
"We will," my group partner, Emily Grant yelled.
Emily grant had long pink hair. She had bright blue eyes and always wore bright red lipstick to make them look away from her conservative clothes. She was always really sweet and kind. And she just happens to be my best friend.
"No, Em, why?" I whisper growled.
"He's hot, Mary," she stuck her tongue out.
I sighed and rolled my eyes.
"Great you can join Emily and Americas's group," the teacher smiled.
He walked over and plopped down right next to me. I felt my face heat up. I just now noticed that he wore a strong body spray that smelled like the ocean.
It smelled so good.
----------------
After class Em and I were talking and Aston came up to us.
"That was boring," he leaned up against a locker,"What do guys have next?"
"Science," I said.
"Math," Em sang.
"Cool, then I'll head with you Americas," his stunning blue eyes landed on me.
"O-okay," I couldn't help but smile.
"See you later, Mary," Em laughed.
"See yah," I stuck out my tongue.
We walked all the way to the other side of school, laughing and talking about miscellaneous stuff. We found out we had a lot in common.
After science we split up. He went to English while I went to math. Then, I went to reading while he went to math.
------------
After school, I was leaving track when I saw Ashton standing there. I was so surprised. I walked up to him and he smiled brightly at me.
"What are you doing here?" I asked surprised.
"Waiting for you," he responded bluntly.
"Why?" I felt confused.
"I know this is really sudden, but I've liked you since the first time I met you!" He grabbed my hands.
"Uhh," I said completely dumbfounded.
"Will you go out with me?" He asked, seriousness in his voice and eyes.
"Uh, sure," I agreed without thinking clearly.
My first boyfriend! My head screamed. I felt so excited!
I'm May and I'm 14 years old. I go to a small state school in St. Ives, Cornwall. My mum runs a florists and my dad sees me as a waste of space. My best friend Sasha moved to Africa 2 years a go and since then things haven't been great to say the least.
"Hey May." Shouted a boy in my year called Jake.
Him and his friends have been bullying me since Sasha left. I stood up to them once but tht was a big mistake. I ended up with cuts a bruises all over my face, arms and legs. When people asked about it I said that I had fallen down the rocks at the habour.
I have no one to stand up for me so I just ignore all the insults, punches and rocks that they throw at me when I walk past.
I'm the smart kid. I always do well in tests without having to revise and teachers love me which obly makes matters worse.
"Is it true you have already done the essay on Great Expectations for English?" Jay said closing in on me.
I didn't reply. There was no point. I just hung my head and looked at my feet.
"I thought so." He growled as he grabbed my bag and began to pull everything out if it. I watched helplessly as the other three boys joined in and began to rip my work in half and scatter it across the cobbles.
Once my bag was empty they turned on me. Jay took hold of my wrists and pulled them tight round my back as Liam and Carl went through my pockets. Then Brad came and slapped me hard accross the face. I was left surrounded by a miserable mess of what was my homework, face throbbing and bruising wrists.
This was a good day by my standards.
Okay so I hated school. Home wasn't exactly great either but at least I could hide away and lock the whole world out.
I would often dissapear for hours to a beautiful secret little cove where I would read, write songs and swim in the peaceful tranquility. It was my place of safety.
A/N: the prologue contains innapropriate language and violent scenes(best way I can put it) if you do not like that stuff please wait till the words are no longer bolded or in italics. Doing this because I don't want to bother you guys. Sorry of this is annoying.************************************
Becca:
I couldn't do it anymore. Tonight was the last straw. My mom had finally come home when my dad had started. I thought she would help, but she just stood there and smiled! She let him hurt me, abuse me, rape me.*flashback*"Becca, darling daddy needs you."
I shiver at my dad's haunting voice. Dad? Should he even be called that? No, not after all he does to me.
The door rattles and I slide further under my covers, trying in a pathetic way to block out the world.
"Becky, please open the door. I promise not to hurt you."
I cringe at the nickname he used tfor me. Along time ago I would have smiled, but things have changed so much.
The door rattles louder and James' voice becomes loud and angry. "Becca Jones open this door before I break it down! I need you love and you wouldn't want to make daddy angry would you?!" James hisses through the door.
Monster. I think to myself. Just leave me alone.
The door rattles louder and there he is standing in my doorway, looking angry.
He stalks towards my bed and my eyes widen in fear.
"Why won't you just be a good girl for once Becky? This would be a lot less difficult if you just behaved yourself."
He reaches my bed and pulls me out from under the covers. I scream and he slaps me.
"Scream all you want, nobody gives a shit about you. Nobody will hear your cries for help."
Hot,stamy tears flow down my face as he punches me.
James throws me against the wall and starts to kick me. Each kick becomes harder and harder. I scream and cry out in pain. God please take me now, please!
Then, he picks me up and throws me onto the bed. I know what is coming next.
James opens my night table drawer and pulls out the ropes. He grabs each of my wrists and I squirm, trying to escape his hold.
He tsks at me. "Be good," then he slaps me once more.
I let one single tear fall as my arms become tied to the bed. James eyes my body before undressing me.
"D-dad please d-don't," I beg.
He shakes his head and undresses himself.
The front door opens and I hear my mom's voice."Becky, James?! Are you two still up?"
Her footsteps come closer to my door and the handle begins to open. I feel relief wash over me when mom comes in.
She looks at the scene before her and then smiles a sick smile. "Have you started James?"
My eyes widen. She knew?! This whole time she knew and she never stopped him?! Not once.
I knew that nobody was going to save me. I can only rely on myself. Trust no one.
My mom sits at my desk chair and watches my dad defile my body. When he is finished he unties my hands and they walk out together.
I  immediately run to my bathroom. I feel so dirty. I scrub and scrub at my body till it is red.
What did I do to desrve this?!
*end of flashback*
I wipe the tears from my eyes and continue to pack my stuff. Tonight I am leaving and I don't plan on coming back.
Everything that is important to me is in my bag. I grab one more tissue and blow my nose.
Quickly walking to the little safe in my closet I pull out the money I had been saving up for college.
I stuff the money in my bag and head towards my window. Slowly opening the window, I slip out into the night.
I knew that this would be the last night my parents ever saw me,the last anyone in my town ever saw of me.
I left for good and I never planned on coming back.
Have you ever felt like shit? Like no one wants something to do with you? That even your "friends" don't want to talk to you? That people change you every single time you are way too attached to them? Have you ever felt that? That you are alone? That you can't even fake a smile? That you just want everything to end? That you just wish you were not alive? That you don't know what to do? That the only thing you are able to do is to cry? Even if it's in front of the people that think you are fine?
Because, That's exactly how I feel.
I don't know what goes through the mind of people that want the other to feel bad. Like "Oh yeah, why don't we criticize that boy/girl? I don't think it would matter so, what do we lose?". Like, really? I know some people do that because of low self-esteem. But I mean, why they do the same to other people? I don't think they don't have a brain to think about the consequences. It can go from making someone feel bad, to even commit suicide.
Let me tell you 7 reasons why people hate themselves
-They think their weight is more important than personality-They think they are alone because of no one helping them-They regret so many things-They think they are not good enough-They think they only disturb in this world-They think they are "fragile", not strong enough -They simply hate themselves
Sometimes it doesn't need a reason. People aren't just "bad". We like to take everything to the extremes. We can't just feel "bad", we feel the need to get to depression. We say we don't like being like that, but unconsciously, we do. Because we don't get satisfied that easily, and we need more of whatever.
When people feel alone, it isn't necessary to be literally alone. This kind of people can have thousands of persons around, but still feel like that. We need someone who understands. Not just a random person that it's only with you to say he or she has a lot of friends. Also, there are people who understands, but at the time you feel like shit, they aren't there for you.
My story, it's about someone who understands me. That was always there for me. Even when I was treating her bad because of my mood at the moment. She never left.
Until now.
The first days I talked to her, she was just a random person. The days passed by, and suddenly I became really attached to her. She was my everything. But these days, she is like avoiding me? I don't even know. She lasts so much time to answer me. She has changed me for another one that is also in my classroom. She is now her everything. Like, a few months ago you asked her: Someone really important to you? And she replied saying my name. But now, if you do to her the same question, she will reply with this other girl's name. And you know, it hurts like hell. I swear the only thing I know to do is to cry. It's hard to even fake a smile. I feel like I'm not worth anything. That I should be like these other girls she prefers now. I feel like a disaster.
I feel alone.
And that's why....
I hate myself.
You Know It's Thomyia Aka Miyia I'm 18 Going 19 In December #WinterBabies I Have Blonde Weave In My Hair But I My Hair Is Very Long It's Changes Color Like Red And Orange. I'm Mixed Irish And Black.I Live In Atlanta. I Have 4 Others Siblings I'm A Model And A Aunt I Have No Kids And I'm Single But Crushing •~• Oh Well Bye-Thomyia
Hey y'all I'm just gonna write down random shit in here. - A 💕
Zoe's povI had been broken up with before but never like this. How could I have been so stupid? How did I not know? I had to walk in on them having sex in our bed before he finally admitted it. Not only that but he told me he didn't love me any more. That was what crushed me the most.
I parked my car by the beach. The sea was wild and the clouds were stormy. I sat at the steering wheel staring at the waves as they crashed into each other. I looked over at the passenger seat. His scarf lay limply on the chair. I picked it up and breathed in the musky smell of his aftershave. Tears raced down my cheeks and fell onto the scarf. I started sobbing and sniffling like a baby. I threw the scarf down and got out of the car into the bitter seaside wind. The sky began to cry with me. Grey raindrops fell from the sky and landed all around me. My tears became black as my makeup ran from my eyes. I walked along the pebbles, barely able to see because of the huge amount of tears coating my eyes. I was crying loudly but no one was there to hear me. As I walked further along the beach I recalled all the times we had been here together. The first time we kissed. The first time he said he loved my and I said I loved him back... Each memory ripped a hole through my heart. The pain got too much. I collapsed onto the cold wet stones and sobbed.
Alfie's povIt was a freezing night but I wanted to go to the beach to clear my head. I sat on the wall staring into the icy grey ocean. It started to rain so I decided to go for a quick walk across the beach before I left. My shoes crunched through the pebbley sand. I walked down to where the waves meet the sand and stood staring into the dark horizon. Behind me I heard someone else scrunching across the beach. I turned to go. I saw a small figure of a girl walking along the the beach. I could hear crying and it could only be her because no one else was around. Her crying suddenly got louder and she stopped in her tracks. She fell to her hands and knees with a loud crash of pebbles underneath her. I rushed over, concerned she was hurt."Hey are you alright?" I said as I crouched down next to her."I'm fine. It's okay you get home it's freezing out here." She said between sobs."No honestly I like this weather. Let me help you up." I said offering her my hand. She reached out and took it. Her hands were tiny, delicate and very cold and shaky.
Zoe's povThe stranger gently helped me to my feet. "I must look a right state." I said swallowing back my tears."Just a bit." He chuckled.A silence fell between us. I looked up into his eyes and smiled, despite feeling like my world was ending. His eyes were dark, chocolate brown but they somehow shone in the darkness. He smiled back- a gorgeous, warming smile. My heart skipped a beat. "You should be getting home. You're shaking like mad." He said."I don't really have a home anymore." I said knowing that he would be at our flat. "Oh god. What do you mean not anymore? Were you evicted or something?" He asked looking concerned."Not exactly." I said wiping black makeup from under my eyes."What happened?" He asked tilting his head to one size, showing off his sexy jawline."You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I know it's none of my business." He said looking down at the floor."No no it's okay. I caught my boyfriend in bed with another girl." I said as more tears fell."That's awful. He must be crazy to cheat on a girl like you." He said blushing slightly.I smiled but inside I was falling apart."But do you know what the worst thing is? It's that he said right to my face in front of this other girl that he didn't love me." I started to sob again. My face crumpled."Hey, hey now." He said gently rubbing my arm."Let's get out of the rain and sort you out." He said. We trudged back to the car park and sheltered under a bus stop."Here." he said handing me a tissue.I wiped my eyes and then looked back up into his deep eyes."Thanks um... uh.""Alfie." He said flashing that gorgeous smile again."Thanks Alfie." I said smiling back."No problem um...""Zoe." I said giggling a little."No problem Zoe. Hey um I hope I see you around soon. This sadness won't last forever you know." He said it like he understood.He turned and walked off into the dark distance but before he got completely out of sight he turned and smiled again. "Cheer up buttercup." He said softly.
Ugh, the way he licks his lips, makes me want to jump him!
No!
Control yourself Ember!
We both were laying down on my bed, watching a scary movie.
I was laying down on his chest, and his hand was underneath my head.
Our legs were touching, and that was enough to drive me insane.
His other hand lay on hia stomache, and he was watching teh movie peacefully.
The girl in the movie screamed, and I took advantage of that part.
I jumped and moved closer to him.
He looked down at me, and laughed.
"Since when are you scared of Horror Movies?" He asks, and then goes back to watching the movie.
Now one of his legs are between mine, and my pussy is dripping wet.
Ugh, me and my dirty head!
I move closer, until my pussy is touching his leg.
Oh Gosh!
He has a girlfriend Ember!
I know, but this chance is never going to come again.
You're going to ruin your friendship.
Ugh! Get out of my head!
I start moving up and down on his leg, and F*** does that feel good.
At first i try to hide it, but then i get more aggressive.
Ugh,F*** i want more.
I start to go faster, and i relize his chest is moving up and down.
I look up, and he's already looking at my with lust full eyes.
"F*** Ember what are you doing?" He asks, and i move away, only to get on top of him.
I sit on top of his dick, and look into his eyes.
"Ember you know i already have a girlfriend." He mutters, throwing his head back a bit.
"I don't care. I want you." I say seductively.
I take off my T-Shirt, and lean down so he has a gpod view of my chest.
He dosen't move his eyes away, and keeps staring.
I move down a bit, and bring my hands to his dick.
I look up at him, he has his eyes closed, and he's breathing hard.
I start to stroke him.
Lightly and gently, just teasing him.
I want him to tell me he wants me, that he wants more.
"Ah! F***Ember!" He groans, and throws his head back in plesure.
I gain more confidence, and start to ride his dick over his pants.
I move up and down, slowly,carefull not to give him all the plesure he wants.
He groans again, and starts moving his hips.
"AH! F***! You're so hard Login!" I yell, and pick up the speed a bit.
He's clutching the bed sheet, and he's breathing so hard.
F*** that's turning me on even more.
"Ember!" He groans.
Yes! I want him to yell my name just like that.
I lean down and kiss his lips.
He refuses at first, but i pull his hair up a bit, and he winces in pain.
I don't want him to refuse me.
I lean down and kiss him again.
I lick his bottom lip again and again asking him to let me enter his mouth but he refuses.
I move my hand down to his dick, and sqweeze it.
He gasps, and opens his mouth.
I stick my tounge in, and deepen the kiss.
His lips are so soft, softer then i ever imagined.
Our tounges intertwine, and when i move back a line of saliva connects our lips.
I kiss the corner of his lips, and he sighs.
I take off his shirt, and throw it on the ground.
I stare at his bare chest.
It's perfect.
He's muscular, but not the big bulky type. He's lean, and has a cute little 6 pack.
I run my fingers across his chest, and then i lean down and plant wet kisses all over his collarbone.
"Mmm." He moans.
I guess i found his sweet spot.
I kiss his behind his ear, and run my fingers throw his blonde soft hair.
I make him sit up, and put my legs around his waist.
I unhook my bra, and throw it on the ground.
His big light blue eyes, are so dark they look like dark blue.
He stares at my chest, and doesn't bother to hide that he's amused.
I kiss the side of his neck, and our chest make contact.
"Oh! F***!" He says, and falls back.
I pull down his pants, and he kicks the rest off.
"Want me to pull these bad boys down?" I ask, whispering in his ear.
"Yes..." he mutters.
"I didn't hear you." I say and bite his ear lobe.
"F*** YES! Pull them down Ember!" He yells.
I pull them off, and stare at his throbbing dick.
He's a pretty good size, probably a 9 something.
"Ah! SH**! You're so damn big!" I whisper.
I move down, and spread open his legs.
I tease him first, making circles near his dick.
And moving my fingers up and down on both sides of his dick.
I look down, and see pre cum.
"Oh." Was all i could say.
"F*** me already Ember!" He says, and i begin to lick the tip of his throbbing dick.
Ugh, he taste so good!
I teasingly lick his dick.
And then i start deep throating him.
I wonder if he's already done this with his girlfriend.
The sudden thought of his dick in the bitch's mouth makes me suck him harder.
"F***! Ember!" He groans.
I move back, and take off my leggings.
And then my balck underwear.
My pussy was wetter then i though it would be.
It felt so damn good.
"Login! I moan.
I sit on his dick, and start riding him.
"Oh F*** Yes!" He groans. His hands run up my legs, an he sqweezes my hips, and turns me around.
Now he's on top of me, and and I'm on the bottom.
"F*** Ember! You brought this upon you!" He says.
He spreads open my legs, and starts licking my pussy.
"Ah!" I moan.
He brings his fingers to my dripping wet pussy, and starts to finger me.
He teases me, just lile i teased him.
He brings his fingers up and down, on both sides of my pussy, and that drives me crazy.
"F*** Login! Just Put you Cock in me!" I yell.
"Not just yet." He says, and i groan in frustration.
One of his fingers enter me, and i jerk.
He adds more, and takes them out, and puts them back in.
"Ugh! Login! I'm going to cum!" I scream, as i reach my climax.
He smiles and licks every drop of my cum.
He kisses me, and tugs on bottom lip.
I open my mouth instantly,  and taste my own cum.
"Mmmm." I moan as our tounges intertwine again.
"Now for the best part!" He says, and postions his dick against my pussy.
As the tip of his dick touches my pussy, a moan escapes my mouth.
Then he enters me.
"Ahhhh! F*** login!" I moan, arching my back.
"Ember," he pants " F*** you're so tight!"
"Login... Login!" I maon!
"Yes! Yell my name just like that!" He says.
He lifts my hips a bit, and i feel his dick touch my sweet spot!
"Ah!" I moan, as he pounds into me.
"Mmm." He groans.
We both cum, and he falls onto me.
"I love you." I whisper, as a tear escapes my eyes, knowing this is the end of our friendship.
We lay ther dor a while, and i balck out.
When i wake up, i turn to see Login gone.
Well duh, he wasn't going to stay.
I get up, and take a bath, and head to school.
I arrive just as the late bell rings, and notice login standing by the gate.
The memories from last night come rushing in, and i turn a bright red.
"Ember." He calls.
I try not to notice, and walk by him.
He takes my hand by my elbow, and turns me around, to face him.
"We're not friends anymore." He says harshly.
"I know." I whisper, and the tears start pricking my eyes.
"Because i want you to be my girlfriend." He says, and kisses me.
I close my eyes, and my hands go to his hair instantly.
Yes!
___________________________________________________________________
HEY!
hope ya all liked it!
Vote and comment, and pray that i win!!
-Emit's p.o.v
It's a chilly day here in California considering it's November. Im heading to school,walking. I started to make my way to school when i say a girl about my age. She was stepping out of the new house that just got built right around the corner. She has dark brown hair and she was swearing a black jacket and jeans with baby blue convers plus she had her backpack on her shoulder wich was a neon blue jan sport backpack.Then she turned her head and her eye's met mine.
-lindy's p.o.v
I was fixing my sweater when i turned my head and found a pair of eyes that met mine. I stared and admired the boy's feartures. He had a hoody on that was dark red and a pair of dark blue jeans and black convers plus his backpack over his shoulder wich was a checkered pattern,His hair was brown. I just moved here 1 week ago and i had no friends so i decided to go talk to this boy. I walked over to him and he gave me a confused look "um....do i know you" he asked "probably not im lindy i just moved in the New built house i was wondering if you went to montana middle cuz i need help finding my way there"i replied.
-Emit's p.o.v
This lindy chick asked me for directions for my middle school, so being the sweet heart i am i offered if she wanted to walk with me."wanna walk with me cuz i go there". Her face lit up and she nodded slowly. We started walking and i was leading the way. "So lindy when did you move in" i questioned "one week ago" she replied."well im Emit,nice to meet you" i shaked her hand."and im 12" i said "same here bud" she replied."cool". We talked about about our favorite mine was step brothers and her's was dumb and dumber.
We had finally arrived at school. "Thanks for walking with me,Emit" i grinned and nodded and with that she headed for the office so she could get her paper with all her classes on it. So i headed with randy and Simon, my closes friends.
-Lindy's p.o.v.
I walked all the way to school with Emit he seemed really chill plus he was very cute. So i got all my classes listed my home room number is 28. I started heading to my home room when i ran into some chick she gave me a dirty look and said "watch were your going stupid, gosh". I just left and started walking to my home room again when i saw Emit he waved at me and i waved back then i started walking and i finally found my classroom. I opened the door slightly and walked in all the eyes landed on me i saw emit and that chick that i ran into in the hallways,they were still talking until the teacher started to speak. "Class this is our new student lindy please make her feel welcomed" she said."then i heard the same voice from the hallway say "oh great another doofuse". I looked down at my feet."Why don't you sit next to Emit, Emit please rais your hand" miss.Henderson said. Then i saw Emit's hand go into the air and i saw the empty seat next to him. I walked over to the desk and plopped down.Then the lesson begain again "hey" someone whispered im pretty sure it was Emit wich it was. "Hey" i said back. 5 minutes later we had to go to our next class,turns out Emit has all my classes. Me and Emit where becoming great friends.
-weeks later
-Emit's p.o.v.
I waited on the curve were i met lindy so we could walk together. Then i saw a familiar face with dark brown hair and green eyes it was lindy. She gave me a bright smile showing her white teeth. Me and lindy grown really close over these weeks it's been a month and a half. Then i saw her walking past me crying.I stood more quickly then i ever stood up and i ran towards her "lindy what happened" i asked worriedly "i can't believe You......i trusted you,YOU DICK"and with that she ran away in like 10 seconds she was outta my sight.I felt the tears swell my eyes then one tear left my eye. I did nothing i swear i didn't i would never hurt my best friend but in the coner of my eye i saw amany smirking and walking away with a big smirk on her face.
"The devil is real, and he's not some little red man with horns and a tail. He can be beautiful because he's a fallen angel, and he used to be God's favorite." ~ Even Peters as Tate Langdon in AHS
November 14, 2013
The snow is falling already. It's quite beautiful to watch the small wisps as they flutter down in groups. The more I watch, the more I realize how similar it is to what I see every other day. It's like how everyone else is split into their own groups based on how they talk, act, and walk. Of course, some of these matches do good. Some change the world. Others watch as it rots from their own hands. Why? Why do some live to put others down? Live to make others beg for mercy? Make others want to die? I guess in a way we're all selfish. Even the victims who won't do something about their treatment. And what for? I think we all know. It's the attention you receive. When you put someone else down you get attention. When you're put down you receive attention too. It has gotten to where we don't care whether the attention is good or bad. Everyone still yearns for it. Once given a little, people become greedy. Want more of it, want to be showered with praise, pity, or even hate. Whatever makes them notice you works. We all function like robots. Whatever we learn, we use for as long as we live. It's the same with every single choice someone we love makes. We want to follow their example. Almost like we want to be them. Aren't you tired of it? The way we want to be somebody else? It's irritating, completely annoying that when some people can't achieve greatness equivalent to who they want to be like, they become depressed and suicidal. They develop their own bubble because they can't be accepted by such a stupid society.    I guess in a way it's pleasurable for them. The extra amount of love they receive just for having a problem. Even though it's a problem that can be fixed with a few simple thoughts and a small amount of help. But again, it's the attention they crave. Not the pain. Never the pain. Just the attention will do. It's amazing what idiots now would do to receive just a bit of sympathy. It leaves me in awe to see what people would do for such sinful things. Even the extra boost ruins everything. With one decision, your life could be done for, and no one would even blink an eye at your corpse as it lay motionless. I continue to watch the snow flakes, knowing that they will melt soon. Will we all melt soon, too?                                      ♡ Eloise Fay♡   I set my pen down, contemplating what my future might hold not long from now. Will feeling ever return or will I continue to waste away under everyone's gaze? Will I be able to help them learn what all of this truly means or will I be kicked into the dirt over and over again. As I watch the sun begin to fall outside and the stars begin to peak out from the clouds, I cherish how pure the snow is, hoping that not one flake ever has to know how truly wicked our world really is.   I pull on a pair of 1 dollar Christmas pajamas I've had since last year,and I crawl in bed, thanking the sun for setting and the moon for shining. Dreading that once morning comes, my day will start again. The difference being new faces, new clothes, and new crimes. Yet, somehow it's all the same.
♡~♡~♡~♡~♡~♡Hi, I'm Alexa, and I hoped you liked the epilogue of my new story "Walking on the Frozen Flowers". I literally just got out of writers block and decided to make a new story since I had the creative juices flowing. This is more of a dramatic story. Probably the most dramatic that I've ever done, but I hope to continue, but bye for now all you lovely people reading this :)
I am China I am 15 years old I mixed with America and half. Mexico my mom is nick and my dad is mike the rapper and my brother is chris brown and other brother is August my sister is mahal they is 18 years old I am the older
Ah. There it is.  The warm trickle of red running down my wrist.  So familiar and so comforting.  Oh how I wish the pain lasted for longer than a few seconds.  Another small movement.  Again I feel the welcome warmth.  I must be careful not to get caught.  No one must find out.  No one will understand.
It's so peaceful here.  It's late and I'm all alone.  No one close to bother me or disturb me while I'm busy.
Oh no!  I hear someone coming, their panicked voices and rushed footsteps coming closer.  They've noticed that I'm not in my room, that I've escaped again.  They've come to look for me.  It's taken them longer this time.  Maybe I'm eventually wearing them out.  Well, I can only hope.  But I doubt it.  They're paid well enough to act like they care.
I carefully wipe the floor of the toilet stall where I've been hiding.  Careful not to leave any evidence.  Careful not to lose my blade.  Even though I know that they are fully aware of what I'm up to.  It's expected of course.
I wrap the bandage I brought along with me around my wrist and flush the bloodied tissue paper in the toilet.  I'm super careful not to mess anywhere.  I always have been.  Hiding my cutting is second nature, even though I know that I'm in the private clinic and my cutting is the reason why I'm in here in the first place.
I'm at the hand basin washing my  hands when they storm in.  Huffing and panting, all sweaty.  I'm quite impressed that there are five of them this time.  It's a new personal best for me.  Last time there were only three.
"Wow, what's taken you so long?  I thought you forgot about me." I ask when I see the face of the head nurse.  Her face is all red and blotchy from running through the hospital in search of me and she looks mighty pissed.
"Ms Tompson!" she screams at me "what do you think you're doing?  We've been searching for you for over half an hour!  Do you have any idea how much trouble you're in?"
"I'm washing my hands, can't you see?" the smirk on my face only makes her angrier and I can see the blood vessel in her forehead pulsating harder.  My aim is to upset her so much that it eventually pops one day.  I know it's not humanly possible, but I'm willing to give it my best shot.  I'm not a quitter.  "Isn't that why people come into the bathroom?"
"Back to your room young lady. Now!" her patience is running thin and I'm sure she's extremely relieved that her shift is coming to an end.  "You are so lucky that your father is away on business.  If he wasn't I'd have him over here in a heartbeat."
Her threats mean nothing to me.  I simply brush them off.  Already forgotten about within seconds of the words coming out of her mouth.
"As you wish.  I was on my way you know.  If you'd have waited for me in my room I'd have met you there shortly.  You know I'm never gone for too long.  I always come back, albeit a bit bloodier than when I left."  My arrogance isn't helping the situation much and I know it, but I just don't care.
I'm marched down the corridor back to my room like a naughty child.  I don't care.  I'm just biding my time until they let me out.  Only two more days then I'm discharged and back home.  Left alone to carry on with my amazing life.  Amazing!  Yeah right!
Dad's never home, always working.  Or so he says.  Half the time I'm convinced that he's avoiding me.  I know that he hates to be around me.  He never wants to be alone with me.  He's always looking for excuses and reasons why he's so busy and has to go on so many business trips.
I hear the head nurse ordering a sedative for me, like she thinks that's a quick fix.  I'm already so numb, don't they get it!  Don't they understand that I cut myself so that I can feel?  Pain is the only feeling that I can still experience.  Love isn't an option.  It hasn't been for a very long time.
Philippa~ Loïc's girlfriends best friend who dreams of becoming a singer but can't sing.
Victoria~Philippas best friend and loïc's girlfriend. The naughty girl
Loïc~Victorias boyfriend. Cute AF and amazing singer.
Mans~Loïc's best friend also an amazing singer.
Tamsin~Victorias and Philippas other best friend. Dirty minded af
This is incredibly dirty minded so just beware
What's the real purpose to living? I keep asking myself that and many more questions that I don't know the answers to.
My story is simple, nothing fancy...
Our First meeting
I woke up that day knowing how it would end, like all my other days filled with messed up files and rude clients, get home take a shower, go jogging, take another shower, eat and fall asleep infront of a laptop watching old romantic movies. So it started like I said, but my friend I met on first floor came over, we got all dressed up for a night out at the club. A phone call came through for me from my bestfriend who is infact a guy that I had the most memorable times with, he asked me to meet up at another club so we all could be together. My girl and I walked over as it was not far from where we were staying, walking,talking ofcourse I had to tell her about him what tipe of person my guyfriend was...laughing all the way up to him surrounded by guys and some girls i thought tagged along I introduced my girl to him, now the guys all came and shook our hands except for one guy.
He did my girl with a hug and turned to me, "I don't do handshakes" he said boy oh boy words my mind refuses to ever forget, he leaned forward and gave me hug with his hands on all the right spots of my upperback...he kept touching, I have to admit my body had not been touched the way he did and it felt so good. He complemented me on my silk shirt I had on and said he loved the feeling of it and joked about how he could touch me or it all night, Yes...something in my heart said "girl you gotta wear his t-shirt and look damn sexy in it, love him good and give it all you got" ...but soon as he was done he went inside the club. We all later got inside,I left my girl and got us our drinks, she had a boyfriend cocktail and I had sex on the floor cocktail, my eyes searched for this guy with the perfect ass and cute face as I watched people dancing around, but it was like he vanished and my curious mind wanted to know more about this straight forward guy with the sexy behind. Into our second round my guyfriend called "sexy ass" over who asked us what we drinking offering to get  the next round for us, my girl gave her cocktail's name now it was my turn and like always playing it cool I said " I'm having sex on the floor", funny guy asked "On this floor?" ...we both laughed and I coudn't take my eyes off him even when he walked away without showing I secretly followed his every move till he handed us our drinks.
Somehow it started with a peck on his cheek I was ready for whatever may happen between us that night, I missed that sensation he gave off that feeling of unexplainable emotions and hyped hormones...but not making that fisrt move or did I already?
I woke up to the sound of yelling downstairs. I figured it's probably my mom and her boyfriend, they're starting to fight a lot. I wanted to go down and make sure everything was okay though. I slipped a pair of sweat pants on and walked very quietly down the hall. We lived in a one story house my mom could barely afford. The sound of my foot steps were muffled by the dirty cream carpet. The yelling got louder, I saw three shadows. "You said you'd have it!" A man yelled. "I said I thought I would, it's been busy! I have a child you know!" My mom yelled. It sounded like she'd been crying.      "You said you would have it! Now give me the f**king drugs!" The man yelled again. Drugs?? The world froze as that word entered my mind. I could never imagine my mom doing drugs. Did she care about me at all? Why would she do this? I saw someone's shadow move, I instinctively moved back incase he was coming for me. Instead, he went up, I saw a blade in his hand. "Please no..." I heard my mom say, pleading. "Gimme the damn drugs or you're dead!" The man yelled. Why isn't Jack doing anything? I wondered. Jack was Mom's boyfriend, he was supposed to help her, if he wasn't there, who was the other shadow?     "Please no! I'll get them to you! I can't leave my daughter..." She pleaded. I could tell she was on the floor. Something crashed, "Dammit lady!" He pulled the knife over his head and was about to kill her, I couldn't let them do it. Before I knew what I was doing I run out from the corner and yelled "STOP!" I stood in front of my mother just as the blade went down. It hit my arm, leaving a big red gash. I took the moment to look around, my mom was cowering on the floor behind me midscream, and Jack was passed out on the couch. Just like that, the world returned."I'm going to get you little girl!" My eyes widened in shock and I ran to my room, before I could shut the door, the man got in. My mom was screaming, bangung at my locked door. I was in the corner crouched down.     The man started towards me amd the hilt of the blade. He crashes it down on my head.
I sat straight up in my bed, waking up from the dream. My breathing was ragged. I sat there for a while thinking about the memory. It was of the first time I found out my mom was a druggie. I was 8. I closed my eyes for a second as I laid back down. When my eyes landed on the clock I jumped out of bed, "Shit!" I said. It was 7:55. I had to be at school in 10 minutes. I grabbed a pair of high wasted denim shorts and a tight turquoise crop top. I ran to the bathroom across the hall, my mom's door was wide open, the room dark. She was sleeping on Jack's arm. I rolled my eyes and shut the bathroom door.      I got dressed, then put on my makeup. Light mascara, eye liner, brown eye shadow, blush, and a light pink lip gloss. I had to get an extra job at one of the nicest restaurants in town, well, an hour out of town. No one knows I work. I use half of my paycheck for me, a fourth for savings, and a fourth for my mom. I would give her more, but it's her fault we're in this situation.      I brush out my wavy hair. It was dark brown with natural golden brown highlights towards the frount. My hair was 6 inches below my shoulders, I don't like it short. I stand in front of the full length mirror in the bathroom. It has a big crack down the middle where Jack threw me into it when I was 10. I had seen him murder someone because they didn't pay him. I swore not to tell anyone or he would do the same to me.      A single tear made it's way down my check as I remembered all of those terrible years. I looked down at my scarred arms. On my right upper arm the scar from that man was still there. Some of the scars are from me, some are from Jack. My mom tries to stop him but she is too weak or high to do anything. My black eye I got last week has faded to a dull purple that's barely noticable.      I remember the time and run to my room. I grab a short black cardagin that covers ny arms, my vintage backpack, my dad's navy blue baseball cap, and put on black sandals. I take a look at the clock, 8:01. My eyes widen and I run into the kitchen. I write a quick note to my mom and Jack, Mom- Gone to school, stay safe. Love you. xx Jack- Don't hurt my mom or I kill you. Jump a cliff and get the hell out of our house.      So I don't exactly like Jack. I grab a granola bar and run out the door. I get my drivers license next year and I can't wait. I take off down the road, grateful school's only a mile away. I make it there just as the bell rang at 8:15.  I let out a sigh of relief and settle into a seat in homeroom next to my best friend Annabeth.
Hello! I didn't see you there, my names Madison Milnes and I live in Ohio. There are way to many clouds around here, me and my best friend, Heather Bishop, hate it.
Hello! You may have heard of me fro- Dad! Turn the music down! Sorry, anyway, I'm Heather Bishop like Maddy said, and we both hate the clouds, and we love the sun, how weird.
Hey! I'm Ashton Irwin and the su- Oh My God Lucas, put your guitar away! Anyway, what I was saying was, and the sun is my best friend, well it was til me and Luke here moved to Ohio. It has wonderful people, but no sun.
Hi! I'm Luke Hemmings, and I love the sun, I burnt all the time, but I loved it. I think it's sorta a get away from clouds, but here, it's a total vacation from the sun. But I like it.
Shout out to -officialr5-! They're really great. I'd do anything to see them and meet them!
Abby's p.o.vI was setting in math class with my friends the teacher let us do whatever because it's our last day here at this school. I was so excited to get out of school but at the same time I was going to be sad , because I would be going to college and I am going to miss my friends. This is my last class , last class ever before I go off to college , last class I have before I leave this school. I had a lot of memories here and I'll never forget it. The bell rang , I hugged all my friends goodbye. This is it I'm going to college after this summer , I have to make this summer the best. I get in my car and drive home happy that I'm not in school anymore. "I'm home" I yelled "hey sweaty so how do you feel about go to college?"my mom said "I'm kinda nervous"i said honestly "honey it's okay you'll be fine"she said smiling I smiled back "I'm going to go to my room" I said "okay sweaty" she said. I go up stairs to see my little brother Mason playing with his cars. "hey Mason" I said "hi Abby" he said back. I just walked away letting him play with his cars. I went to my room putting music on and cleaning my room. It was 6:30 I decided to take a shower. After it was about 7:30,I just sat on my bed on my phone. My mom came and told me dinner was ready, I went down stairs and saw everyone at the table. "I have exciting news" dad said "what is it" said mom "we are going to a beach house , for the whole summer and we leave in 2 days , also there well be another family coming with us." dad said "okay so we leave on Sunday?" I asked "yes" dad said. After that I helped my mom clean and I said goodnight to everyone and went to bed.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------HEY GUYYYYS so this is my first chapter how do u like it so far?okay I'm going to go but follow my fan page @mrr.espinosa
PROLOGUE

Ruby Simmons used to be the girl her mother would hug for hours and share a can of soda pop and popcorn with as they both watched their favorite movies and gossiped about some cute guy from school and they'd both giggle like school girls. She used to be the girl her father took to the local diner and they'd share a chocolate milk-shake as they watched the busy cars on the highway nearby pass, driving into a new adventure, maybe even a new life.
Now, Ruby's once perfect world was shaking and cracking like a level twenty earthquake, if a level twenty earthquake even existed. She was once happy, maybe happier than happy if that was possible, but now a severely saddened puppy lost in a massive rainstorm looking for its owners took her place. She was being torn in two different directions.
"So, Ruby what's your answer?" asks her mother, Ruby loved both her parents with so such love that it was disgusting. Since they divorce authorized, she being made to choose. Father, or Mother. Sighing as she covers her face frustratingly the same questions were driving herself mad, the girl disliked tough questions, but she couldn't avoid them, they were everywhere. "Can I think about it a little more please?" Ruby was answers with frustration on her pink dry tongue, the older version of Ruby sighs and walks away from the kitchen table, Her usual preppy walk was now replaced with a more lazy, droopy walk.
A new life, a new start was what Ruby wanted, but to leave her mother alone was scary, they were always together but Ruby wanted a different school to attend, her school was full of nasty queen bees, no they were more like ants. Annoying, small and everywhere. They'd chant rude things to Ruby because of her wardrobe, it wasn't her fault that she didn't like short mini skirts short enough to show the world her lace underwear and sometimes they called her "Big Rube," because of the extra twenty pounds Ruby gained over the summer, which she still haven't lost. Large flannels, that used to be her father's and jeans that weren't tight and not too loose, she'd roll up about an inch above her ankles along with her childish socks that had cartoon characters on them, that's what she wore everyday. Tacky is what they'd call her, she liked her style no matter how many queen ants didn't.
"Ruby, your father is on the phone, he wants to know your answer," The brain inside her head throbs even worse than it was an hour ago, These people are giving me a migraine, Ruby thought. Her long, chunky legs straighten as she walks toward her ugly pink bedroom instead of to the yellow phone in her mothers hand.
"I want to be left away Jodie and Mark," with that said she curls in her bed with the giraffe stuffed animal she's owned since she turned the age of two and her eyelids close sending her into a deep slumber that honestly didn't last as long as she desired it to because of her mother interrupting to talk about Ruby's options.
Hello, I've been reading a lot of books lately and they have somewhat inspired to read something that seems more realistic. I want to write something that most people can relate to, I want to try to add good details and more this story appealing, I want to work hard at reading this book.
I want to warn that this book may contain triggering themes (further along) just keep your eye out.
I really suck at trying to describe what the book is about, sorry about that. Ruby's parents are divorcing and she has to make some important decisions such as staying in her hometown with her mother and few friends, or start over.
I wanted to show the struggles Ruby goes through with finding herself and learning to say how she feels and express that, the struggles of being yourself when nobody wants you to. The struggles of being a teenager.
Enjoy if you're reading! Make sure to save to your library, I'll update soon maybe tomorrow!
-annie

Trinity_Luvs_Perrie
Bullied By One Direction (Little Mix)
Vote
fan
Comment!
Hey W01FMAST3R here!
So I just finished my FNAF RE book and it's been a blast writing it!
Here's the thing I'm also making FNAF fan game! It's called Five Nights With JonVon you can view the update book on my profile and I told people that they can have their OC'S in the game!
The problem is that there are too many! So this contest will determine who's characters get to be in the game.
The contest is based off what happened to Dominic and his friends at the end of my RE book.
YOU HAVE TO READ MY RE BOOK IN ORDER TO ENTER.
So your job is to write the next part! That's right you fill in the gaps!
Now please go read my RE book now before reading this next part.
SPOILER ALERT.
Dominic Mike and Jeremy all died and they got turned into puppets. Now your job is to write happens next. You can do whatever your heart desires.
If you want to enter then vote and comment that your entering.
Read the next chapter for rules.
'Gracie Andrews.' Was written in black marker on the piece of white paper my father was holding up while he waited for me to get off the plane. It was pointless for him to look for me, the last time he saw me was five years ago when I was 12 - I still had tame brown hair and an innocent child like face back then. He is definitely in for a shock when he finds out that his little girl is now 5 foot 7 with bright blue hair and a huge love for metal bands.
"Hi." It took me five minutes of staring at him to finally pluck up the courage to walk over, the main reason being that my feet were beginning to hurt and I wanted to get out of this crowded airport. He looked straight at me for a few seconds before frowning, "Gracie?" The look of shock on his face would almost be amusing, if it didn't hurt so much that he didn't know anything about the way I looked. I merely nodded, internally scowling at him for using such a disgusting pet name.
"Wow, look at you, all grown up." He manages to crack a smile through the shock, but I can see instantly how disappointed he is that I didn't grow up to be who he wanted, not that his opinions meant anything to me. I had many thoughts whirling around in my mind that I really wanted to say out loud, but I decided to be mature and keep it to myself to avoid an argument on the first day I was here.
"Are you ready to go? It's quite a long car ride back to the house." He took one of the suitcases from me and I followed slowly as he walked towards the exit. JFK had to be the biggest airport I had ever been inside, and by far the most crowded. I must have accidentally hit about twenty people with my suitcase by the time we got to the door, which made me pretty happy to finally be out in the open. The atmosphere of the streets were completely different to back in England, everyone seems a lot more rushed and less friendly, nobody looked at you and smiled or said hello.
"You get used to it here after a while, it took me months before I started to fit in." My fathers words were probably supposed to comfort me, but honestly made me feel a lot worse. If it took him months to fit in, how long would it take me to fit in to a new school? After all, I'll be the weird new girl from England who joined half way through a school year.
My dads car was parked five minutes away from the airport, probably so he didn't have to pay for airport parking, and despite his best efforts of trying to make conversation I stayed silent for most of the drive to his house. "Before we go inside I need to tell you something." He says after we sit in the parked car for two minutes in silence, I turn my head to look at him, barely making out the outline of his face in the pitch black.
"You have a sister, Ashley, she's 4." The smile on his face as he told me made my heart stop momentarily, I wonder if he ever smiles like that when he tells people about me. Does he tell people about me? Why didn't he tell me he has a daughter before today? Surely that would be a pretty big thing you'd want your daughter living across the world from you to know. I felt my throat closing up and the air inside the car was getting heavier and heavier as the seconds went by, so I put on the biggest smile I could muster and got out of the car quickly, gasping for fresh air.
"She'll be asleep now though, you'll have to wait until the morning to meet her. She's been so excited to see her big sister." He slammed the car door shut and grabbed the two suitcases from the car, walking towards the front door. Can you really call someone you've never met your sister? Aren't there rules about this kind of thing?
"Finally! Where is she?" I heard a female voice as soon as my dad unlocked the door and pushed it open and within ten seconds a tall blonde woman was rushing out of the door towards me with a huge grin on her face and her arms open wide. She instantly pulled me in for a smothering hug that made me extremely uncomfortable, however I hugged her back to avoid feeling too awkward.
"It's so nice to finally meet you, Grace!" Her happiness was tiring me out already and I began to wonder if it was put on. I've never met someone as preppy as her, surely it can't be real.
"Theresa leave her be, she's probably tired." My dad saved me from the bone crushing hug she was giving me, and I almost thanked him but held it in. She led me inside with my dad walking behind us carrying the only two suitcases I'd brought. By the time we'd gotten to my room I was pretty much gasping for breath, with it being on the fourth floor of the house which meant a shit load of stairs to climb everyday, however the entire floor was mine. I had a bedroom, bathroom and lounge room that was decorated pretty well actually.
"Do you like it? We did it all neutral so you can add whatever you want, we just want you to be comfortable." I recognized the look she was giving me, it was a look I had gotten a lot this past month. Sympathy. It sickened me, especially coming from her.
"It's nice." I say, grabbing the suitcases from my dad to take into the room I would be sleeping in. There was a huge balcony on one side, that seemed to have stairs leading down to the balcony on the floor below, it also had three huge windows on the side opposite that were decorated with sickly floral patterns that looked a lot like what my grandmother used to own, the bed was huge and the carpet was soft, which was a bonus. But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't make it feel like my new home.
Kati is short for a name she hates so much. So she likes to be called KitKat...
But deep inside she loves Sunset Destiny Ride, because it makes her feel strong.
She has some similarities to Destiny, but the powers are fake. She only has a few talents from her: her singing and her strong feelings for family and friends
Kati has different sides, and is like a multi-personality girl.
She likes Evil and Good, is Shy and dynamic, loves indoors and outdoors,
But there are heard times, when Kati feels vulnerable and lonely, so she hides it all. And even though she has siblings...she tends not to tell them, because its so hard
So she thinks to herself "PULL URSELF TOGETHER!" and she made a goal to not cry at all, only when she was alone.
You and Your Boyfriend Dave had a long School day and u both went home, you threw your bags on the floor and went upstairs
Your POV!
I went upstairs with dave walking right behind me, we both were kind of pissed of by school, i saw the door of my room and opened it, i sat down on the big couch in the middle and turned the TV on. Dave went to the Bathroom and took a shower, after he was finished he asked me
Dave : Do You wanna go out?
Y/N:   sure, where do u wanna go ?
Dave: Zac will have a party in a few
Y/N: oh well, what kind of party is it? What should i wear?
Dave: umm its a Pool Party so u should wear a Bikini and idk what you girls like to wear over a Bikini !!
Y/N: ok ok ok what color will your shirt have ?
Dave: I guess white, Why?
Y/N: Because i want my bikini to match your outfit.
Dave: Oh Come On !! :DD It doesn't have to be perfect, no one will see u, it'll be dark u know :D!
Y/N: i bet we will take a lot of pics !!
Dave: i bett we wont !! and now go and get ready !!
After dave told u to get ready u went upstairs again and got ready, a White Triangle Bikini which made ur dark skin look perfect and a white shorts over it with a light purple crop top. You ready ?? Dave screamed. Yeah !!!! im coming!!
***Skip the ride***
when we where there, the party just started and i saw Zac waiting on us,
You: Hiiii
Zac: Hiiiiii, You look pretty!!!
You: Thannnkkk youuuuu!!!
Dave: Umm.. HIi bro !! (Hand shake)
Zac: Whut upp ?!!
Dave: Nothing mu- (he got cut off by a voice)
someone: AYE Zac comeover !!
Zac: alright see ya both later!! -- IM COMING!!

why are we waiting? Lets go  Dave said and you both went in to the huge party room, the light was this neon light and everyone was painted in LED paint and your and Dave's Teeth's stared glowing.
do u want me to paint you?
uuuumm idk do u want to paint me ? u asked him
yup.

you both went to the stand with the LED Colors, you took off your shirt and he stared to paint softly lines on your arms, it actually looked really good at the end he painted your lips with the purple LED Color.
my turn !! you said exited he took of his shirt and u started to draw lines along his abs to make him look really hot, then u made a line tin the pink LED color along his light V muscle, after that u painted his lips blue.

he asked do u like to mix colors?
you said umm yes, after that u felt his soft lips touching yours, after that u lightly pushed him away and said we can't just make out in a crowd of people.. he knew that u never liked it when ur  not alone
well if u want, we can go in to a room and make out the whole night, i can get drunk you can drive us home and then you will throw me in the pool so i won't be that drunk anymore then i'll fall asleep and i'll have really hard headache after that and u will tell me that i shouldn't had drink alcohol because u never do and - he got cut off by you, you pulled him out of the crowd to the beach which was't far away from the party, you're all ready drunk aren't you ?
you asked him, well maybe i am, maybe not, but we are alone... soon can i kiss you no- he again got cut off by you but this time you kissed him,he kissed back and you got on top, he stopped and tied your long and healthy brown hair to a bun,after that you both continued making out



____________________________________________________________________________________ End, do u want me to update this story ? and if u have some requests or  questions just comment it !! <3 i hope you liked it !!!
btw this is not the end of this story, id like to make a book of it with some drama and stuff, would you like that too ?


So,to get things started..Hi! My name is Elle Hardy.I train in an acting academy in New York City.And I was just THAT kid that had alot of boy best friends.Well,technically because I dont really have any friends at all.My parents got divorced when I was 2 and my twin brother and I live with our mom.Now,my twin brother,Jacob Hardy has ALWAYS been a school flirt.Like,girls go mad for him the minute he walks into school.He acts in alot of school events because well,basically we go to the same school,we're twins.I am famous for my emotional skills in acting and my brother is famous for just being him..(so jealous)
Now,whats even more horrific? My best friend for life is my brother's current girlfriend! I mean like I swear if i could run away and change my surname to something else,that would be perfect.But,I wouldn't do that because she's my best friend,and I need to support her feelings because thats what she's done for me my entire life.
Tomorrow,one of my friends is throwing a pool party in his house and he invited me along just cause I'm his friend.So,he told me to bring along my brother,ofcourse I need to bring him,I cant just get out of the apartment by myself in peace and quiet and not bring my brother because everybody and I mean EVERYBODY likes him...so I'm forced to bring him! So,ofcourse I said OK...I mean I cant say no...its a friend's party and I am one of his good friends...
So,the next day in school,there's this new kid and his name is Lucas.Describing him is a bit difficult but I'll try and describe him in as much detail as possible.So to start,he has shocking blue eyes,blonde hair and gorgeous body! But trouble was,he was quite the nerd with glasses and braces..but he looked cute to me! So,I went up to him today to just have a little chat,so basically..it went like this:Me:"Hi! Your Lucas right? I'm Elle,your new classmate."Lucas:"Hi...yes I am Lucas...Elle huh? I like your name alot,and um by the way...what time does class start again?"Me:"Ohh...it starts at 1.00 P.M."Lucas:"I see....well thank you Elle"Me:"My pleasure.So hey! I was wondering if you wanted to come to a party a friend of mine is throwing tonight"Lucas:"Oh..yeah! Sure! I'll come...can I have your number to ask fot details of this place?"Me:"Oh yeah sure...here!"Lucas:"Thanks..."*class bell rings*Lucas:"So umm...see you in class?"Me:"Yeah! Sure byee!!"Lucas:"Bye"
I swear I felt my heart just beating faster and faster at the moment...he was just SOOOO CUTE! Hope to see him at the party later
Leonard Snart scowled as he watched Star Labs, hoping for some sign of the cocky kid scientist that had stopped him before he could finish off the Flash. If this kid had made the Cold Gun in the first place, he could make them bigger and better. For now, Cisco Ramon was a free man, at least until they got their hands on him anyways. He checked his radio, hitting the call button. "Anything Mick?"
Mick Rory responded a moment later from his post watching the police station. "Nothing. You sure about this?"
"Positive," replied Snart, "The news article says this CSI, Barry Allen, was struck by lightning after the Particle Accelerator explosion and Star Labs helped him pull through. He still visits there almost constantly. If we grab him, our scientist will come after him."
"He works for the police though. Isn't that a big risk?"
Snart snorted. "We're criminals, Mick. The risks aren't that big anymore, only more interesting." He smiled to himself. "And more fun..."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Barry just finished with his work in the lab when Marina came up and knocked on the door. "Hey, Marina... What can I Do for you?"
"I'm just heading to lunch. Thought I'd ask you to join me." Marina noted the paper bag lunch on Barry's desk. "You can save that for tomorrow."
"Yeah... Sure, I'd love to. Need to get fresh air anyways," said Barry nervously as he shoved his lunch into his bag,  "Was there somewhere you had in mind?"
"Bart's on 3rd Street has lunch specials." Marina shrugged. "Otherwise, no clue."
"Sounds good, " said Barry. He shouldered his bag and followed the CSI out. "Did you want to walk or..."
"Walking's good. It's only a few blocks. You're in shape anyways so." Marina grinned and Barry forced one in return. "... you're nervous . Why?"
"You never want to have lunch with me," said Barry, "You want to talk about something. Should I be worried?"
Marina laughed. "No, Allen, it's nothing to worry about. Honest."
Barry relaxed slightly. "Ok. Got It. Cool."
Joe waved to the two. "Heading out to lunch, you two?"
"Yup, is that ok?" asked Barry.
"It's fine. Just bring me back something. Someone has to hold the fort while you two are out..." Joe smiled at the duo and headed up the stairs past them. "Have fun!"
Barry shot a panicked look at Joe's back, but followed Marina down the rest of the steps. Somehow, the foreboding feeling about this venture just kept getting worse.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mick's voice blaring out of the radio scared the crap out of Snart who had just managed to get comfortable again. "The runt cop is leaving the precinct on foot."
Snart immediately sat straight up in his seat. "Is there anyone with him?"
"Just another CSI, a girl one. She works for the police department as well."
"Good. Follow them to wherever they go and wait for me. If were lucky, we get to kill the girl and make sure they all know we mean business." Snart grinned as he hung up his radio. Finally. Action.
Ashton sighs, staring at the clock, he just wanted to leave his job already. The corner store sucked, and he really was anxious to just leave.
"5 more minutes." He mutters to himself, already starting to count up the money he was given today.
The bell rang.
"Afternoon!" Ashton calls to the guest, waving his hand as he bent down to grab a falling bill.
He hear a muttered reply. After a minute, a bottle hits the counter, and Ashton looks up, seeing the boy ready to get going. A drink and a candy.
"Hello." Ashton says, grabbing the drink and scanning it.
"Hey."
"What's your name?" Ashton asks casually as grabs a bag of Skittles
"Luke."
"The names Ashton." Ashton says, before saying the total.
Luke glances at his drink.
"Share this with me?" He asks, pointing at the name on his drink.
Share a Coke With:
Ashton
you would imagine that a photo wouldn't determine an entire life, correct? that the single, minuscule act of a shutter closing would not set the course of someones future. and really, senior photos shouldn't matter–– but kotori had taken them very seriously. her summer had been spent exercising and skipping desserts and she had spent hours practicing her smile rather than practice the "necessary" skill of tea serving.

it had all led to this moment.
readjusting the coal-like fabric of the dress that hung on her frame once more ( really, it was like the umpteenth time she had done that ), the girl couldn't help the soft sigh that fell from lips painted the same color as her short locks. maybe she shouldn't have let her hairdresser do whatever they wanted to her hair– she loved the pink, but her father had been less than happy. what if her judgement of her hair had been clouded by mere teenage ignorance? kotori feared she would regret this when looking back on it. the line moved before her and she follows, heart beat rising as she neared the front.
it wasn't that she would value the photos ( that was a lie, she would treasure them ), it was that this single moment would be sent to almost everyone in relation to her. knowing her grandmother, it would be blown up and framed in the hall– which was the opposite of what she wanted.

two people away.
she took a moment to reapply her lipstick, dragging the color against her lips slowly, to take up time. she'd spent the last three, almost four, years with the people around her and though it was sad that it'd be over in less than a year, she was okay with it. was it wrong to think that she had outgrown those around her? maybe it was mean– yeah, it was definitely not nice.

one person.
rocking back and forth on her heels, the petite girl tried to calm her nerves. it was only a few minutes, right?
her turn.
She was happy she woke up with a smile and a flower crown on her head. She saw the joy and smiled, She was not wanted at school they told her she was different and akward. So what she danced in the rain and twitched she was clumsy and short. But she didn't care she was happy it was her with flaws and to everyone she was OK with them saying the stuff. She was not
My mind that morning one only set on one thing. I stopped downstairs before heading out to see my sister tying her apron tightly around her waist.
"You're leaving already?" she looked at me with that "nagging-mother-face" she has worn since our mother died.
"Yes. I want to be early," I opened the door slightly and let the summer air tickle my arm.
"Eat breakfast first."
"I'll drink a protein shake on the way," I argued as my body slowly slid out of the door like if I did it slowly enough she wouldn't notice.
"I don't think so. You're not leaving till-!" is all I heard her yell before I fled out into the bright outside.
"I'll be home by six!" I yelled loud enough to wake our pig, Fitz, and with a snort he bid a due to me as my heart swelled in my chest.
Today was finally the day. The day I walk in my father's footsteps.
Inside the building it was cold and uninviting, yet I managed to walk straight in with a determined face. I marched to the empty front desk and bit my lip.
I soon realized there was a bell to notify that there was someone there and I blushed at my stupidity.
Before my finger reached the button, a deep voice came from behind me.
"Tachibana?"
I turned in surprise to see a tall, busty woman dressed in traditional military wear.
"Yes.. Ma'am," I choked as I almost addressed her as 'sir'.
"You're early," she said frowning down at me. She was so large compared to me; having a exaggerated small stature. I always hoped I'd hit a growth spurt before I turned eighteen and joined the military, yet my body refused to grow taller than five feet. It was pathetic.
"Yes, Ma'am. I prefer to be early."
"Ah. I see. That's good. Let me show you to our training rooms, you will meet your sempai. He will be training and helping you for your first few months here," her lips curved slightly as she quickly turned and walked down the narrow gray hallway.
"Cross!" she yelled as I hurried to match her speed and look into the enormous gym like room. Cross? What a strange name.
"Sargent," A tall man walked from what seemed from no where and saluted us. I instantly could tell this man was not Japanese.
"This is Tachibana. She will be in your care from now on," she handed him a manila folder.
"Who her?" he wrinkled his nose at me. I frowned at him. What is he trying to say?
"Isn't she a bit young to be here?" he looked me up and down and I sighed in frustration.
"Tachibana is eighteen. The legal age to be here. Please treat her well; her father was with us for thirty years," she smiled at me. I felt a little better seeing someone respect me even as I am. I nodded a thank you.
"Ok, thank you Sargent," Cross bowed and  she placed her hand on my shoulder and left.
"Warm up. Treadmill for thirty then I'll measure you," he said looking at the wall instead of me.
"Um. Yes sir," I cringed at the thought of him training me for months.
The gymnasium was strangely empty I could hear every breath he let out. It was too quiet for my taste, but I will work hard. No matter what.
'Look at me now, daddy.'
1989 it was my 5th birthday. And my dad came back with my present.
I was jumping around crazily as my daddy bought me a doll house that I have always been wanting. Well only for a year. "I love it!" I yelled grabbing my dad with a hug. "I knew you would like it." He smilt kissing my cheek. "Why isn't mommy here?" He went silent for a second. Looking at me blankly. "I told you Jade mommy is busy." I whimpered. "Doesn't she love me anymore?" He sat me on his lap. "You know who does love you? Me. I LOVE YOU TO PLUTO AND BACK! And no one can break our bond. Now I bought you some ither gifts why don't you open them." I ran to the ground ripping them all open with my tiny fingers. There were police officers at the door with these big helmet masks. "Jade go to your room now!" He yelled as the men smashed down the door. I screamed not moving. The men pushed him on to the floor handcuffing him. "NOOOOOOO DADDDDY! YOU SAID YOU LOVE ME!!!!" His face was suffocated to the floor. A woman in a red dress had her hands together with a smirk on her face. I got up pushing the men of my daddy. "I don't want that woman I want you daddy. Please don't go!" I cried hugging my last moments with him. The woman in red snatched me away from him. "You will find me Jade I know you will!" They took him. The lre was blood dragged across the floor. "Your daddy was a very bad man. He murdered alot of innocent people on a plane." She crouched down holding my shoulders. I slapped her. By accident....woops. She held her face and pulled a angry face. I ran to my room."Get back here Jade you little brat! I will lock you up too!!" I slammed my door huffing and puffing out of breath. I fell asleep on my bed. The door opened. The same figure of the woman in red and a woman who was in a white waistcoat. "Jade you wanna come with me?" I looked at her confused. "I wanna go to my daddy." I complained. She looked back at the wrinkly woman in red. And she nodded. "I am going to take you there sweetheart."
She put my seat belt on in the car. She closed the door. Her face smashed against the window of the door. Her body fell to the ground. The door opened with a shock. My heart was beating. "Come with me child."  The man in a jacket/cape/traditional hood. Took me out the car carrying me to his car. "I wanna go to daddy!" I cried out. "Those people are bad Jade. They were going to put you in a very bad place where they would of been mean to you. I am going to take care of you in behalf of your father okay?" I nodded scaredly. It was a long drive and I fell asleep. He carried me to a very big, nice, modern room. He placed me on the bed.
I woke up 3 hours later wondering around downstairs looking at the artifacts. "Child." I jamp. "I am sorry. I...I...." he smiled coming to me."This is your home now Jade. Come sit with me." I sat down next to him near the fire.I looked innocently at him. "Now you are too young too understand the big world. But your father did bad things and he was good too. People, bad people, and they put the blame on your father. And now police have took your daddy away for a long time. I need you to be strong okay? I am going to train you everyday to become strong and clever. We will start tomorrow. Now you can go into that room to play." I paused and hugged him. Walking into the room he pointed out I looked back at him, he looked away.
My name is Jaleisa Brielle Jones. I was born February 27, 2001 in Valdosta, Georgia. I'm 14 years old and I've been moving all over the world because my parents are in the military. I've been to 11 different schools. I know this might not be important but I'm African American with a little Native American in my blood line. I've been all round Europe in Germany, Austria, Rome, etc. But unfortunately I was too young to remember. I've also been to Omaha, Nebraska, Mexico, North and South Carolina, Tennessee, and the Bahamas. I'm constantly living in hot Florida and might move in my 10th grade year to California or back to Georgia. I want to go to California though :)) I'll add pictures soon....
You're probably not reading that. Whatever. It's in English and there will be lot of faults, and you'd say something like "bad english xD" now. You would do it, I'm sure.
I'm not good with feelings.
I care way too much, react way too bitchy and take things way too seriously.
Yep, you're right.
You're no "bad man", just wanted so say that.
Phew, okay.
I'm still in love with you.
Whew.
That wasn't as difficult to write as I expected.
I'm stalking you, like Instagram and Wattpad, and that's so childish and I know I should let you go and let you live your life without me - but I can't.
- That sounds so egoistic -
I fucking CAN'T. I miss every inch of you, every inch of this 5'7 to 5'8 tall, dark brown haired and brown eyed guy.
I miss EVERYTHING.
On the one hand, I wanna hit you (I'd win, for sure). Hard. On the other hand, I just wanna go back in time and return to 2 weeks ago.
Feelings are so weird, idk.
And this 'yes' is killing me, ok?
I cry every time someone says 'yes' (in German AND in English, pff).
- it's annoying -
Ok, I know this won't help anymore.
Thank you. (You've never said this before, do you?)
Amazing.
YES.
Dear whoever you are,Hi I'm Parker...I guess I'm average,Eh...Not really. People always tell me I'm not normal...Because of my bright red hair or because I obsess over bands. Well screw them. I like me (I think) anyway I have some things I want to clear before I go any further 1. I am not a boy just because my name is Parker 2.This isn't a diary I'm just documenting my life 3.My life isnt that interesting. Alright lets go.
(Elsa)
"Elsa", Anna said softly. "Yes, Anna," I replied. "Can't sleep. C-can you sing me a lalubuy." "Of course." I went to check on Kristoff he was wide awake too.
I sang to both of them :When the sun comes out tomorrow, The birds will sing their song.When the sun comes out tomorrow,
The puppies will play all day.When the sun comes out tomorrow, All the horses will neigh.When the sun comes out tomorrow,We will play all day.But when the day slows down,The night will come.And when the night comes,We go to sleep.(I made up this song to sing my two restless brothers to sleep)
She closed her eyes and drifted off into a peaceful sleep. I went to check on Kristoff again. He was fast asleep too. "Goodnight little ones," I whispered as I entered my room.(Jack)
I love Elsa's voice. It is always sweet and calm. Especially when she sings. Every night she sings a lalubuy to get Anna and Kristoff to go to sleep. She doesn't know it but, she helps me sleep to. :-)
Dreams come true
Fears stay in your head
If worry is all you do,
You'll always feel dead.

If you raise you head high
Look up into the sky
Even if you die,
You'll always live
Because you believe.


SO YOU DONT GET CONFUSED. Here's Spark's family tree.Kelly Ann (mom) ♥ Dan (dad) =Spark Lillisa
Kelly Ann and Dan get divorced.Kelly Ann (mom) ♥ Haden (step dad) =Raine JillenNatalie JillenMadie Jillen
HOW EVERYBODY LOOKS:Kelly Ann- dirty blonde hair, amber eyes, peach skin, f.Dan- red hair, blue eyes, tan skin, m.Spark-red hair, amber eyes, peach skin, f.Haden- black hair with orange highlights (fake), blueish-green eyes, peach, m.Raine- black hair, blue eyes, peach skin, f.Natalie-blonde hair with natural orange highlights, green eyes, f.Madie- brown hair, amber-brownish eyes, peach skin, f.
Let's start. :P
Ok, kittycats this book will contain the following.
• Rants• Anime suggestions•Anime I've watched• Book ideas/what i can do better•Random crap• Yaoi/Yuri ships• Maybe other stuff I will find out
//*WARNING*//
There is gonna be swearing sometimes. If you do not like that stuff you have been warned children!
//*YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED*//
~Let's get on with the book then kittycats!~
Warnings were going off in my head.
You shouldn't be doing this. It's dangerous. Where will you end up after everything happens?
I didn't know why I was doing it. I had absolutely no answers for that.
Light flashed from the light poles that no longer functioned as well as they used to. They seemed like an accurate representation of families and the entire city.
You can't turn back after this. I knew it was true. Once this was done, I'd be on my own.
The night's humid air blew wisps of hair into my face, catching ever so slightly in my mouth and upon my eyelashes. The weather would grow stronger if I didn't hurry.
If they didn't hurry, I reminded myself.
Luckily enough, I began to feel vibrations beneath my feet. The train was coming. I had to be quick. One wrong step, and I could easily be killed.
Or worse; I'd have to go back to the city to let them decide my punishment. Honestly, there was no way they'd show me mercy. I was a renegade.
The train whistles bellowed through the air, sending vibrations down my spine. Within a minute, the train was in my sight.
10 seconds. I breathed in hard. The wind blew harshly, assaulting my bare arms.
9. My legs began to shake, nerves shooting throughout my body.
8. 7. I felt lightheaded.
What if you miss? What if something bad happens? What if. . . you die?
4. I retreated a few steps, giving myself some space.
3. There was a certain height you had to jump to get on the train, and you had to be skilled to make it. Otherwise, you'd end up sliced in two.
2. This was it. There was only one chance. I took a deep breath, readying myself for what was I come next.
"One," I whispered harshly, sprinting forward as the train hurried by. My legs moved quickly as I focused on my target.
This is it, I thought as I jumped.
And it was.
I heard my mommy get slapped and yell in pain, and daddy hitting her and cackling. Blood creaked out from behind the door I was standing behind and stained the carpet. A thud was heard and I could only work what what happened before daddy came out of the room and grabbed by my collar and threw me in the car. He was covered in blood, so was I. I wailed strongly as I left my bunny at the house and cryed harshly. My daddy yelled at me, and slapped me, he drove off without his seat belt on or mine.
All I remembered was daddy screeching across the cliff and fell headfirst into the rocks below and died. I was later found by a fisherman who lived nearby. "Oh you poor little thing" he murmured.

If there was magic
I could make this world disseapear
Or maybe making us not to fear
The darkness in our heart,
I have so many dreams
That nobody could believe
Maybe not even me
Only thing i can say
Live youre life
And be Ok
Maybe there is magic
Somewhere in our hearts
Or maybe in our dreams
But believe i it until lasts
And if you ever will cry
Because of me
Just come and see
The side of me
That is also crying
Because of me...
It was a normal day for Ghastly, he was sat sewing a new suit for Skulduggery humming to himself, when he smelt fire. He jumped out of his seat and followed the smoke into the back room, and when he opened the door all he could see was smoke, and all he could hear was someone coughing. He cursed and manipulated the water from the air and through it at the flames frantically trying to put them out, before they reach something flammable. As soon as the flames were out he was coughing like mad but he could still hear someone chocking on the smoke so he waved his arms around trying to clear his path, until he saw the person on the floor coughing up blood, so he hurriedly picked her up and ran out of the room. Ghastly placed the girl on the couch and went to open all the windows to let the smoke out.
Once he had finished and the smoke was clear he remembered about the girl and rushed into his living room to see the girl stood up and clothes badly burned aswell as her arms up to her elbows. She had fiery red wavy hair and grey eyes, and her skin was quite pale. Ghastly knew who this was! He gasped when he figured it out "A...Alexa Inferno?" he asked "Hello dad!" Alexa said and started coughing again, and Ghastly rushed forward and hugged her "I thought you were dead!" he said and hugged her tighter when she hissed, so he pulled back "I missed you so much too! But, these burns are really hurting me!" Alexa said and held out her badly burned arms and Ghastly examined them "Um...ok lets get you to Kenspeckle!"
"Ok!" she said cheerfully but when she moved a leg she fell to the floor in pain "OW!" she yelled and Ghastly rushed over and picked her up and carried her to his van and put her in. On the way there she fell asleep and Ghastly sighed happily as he was finally reunited with his daughter after 19 years!
This is the wedding of Louis and his beautiful life partner, Riley -vintagexdirection  . Please join us in celebrating this amazing day by attending their wedding.
People:
Name: Blake
Age: 11
Personality: Childish, A tad bit goofy, Happy
=========================================================================
Name: Ayumi
Age: 11
Personality: Cheerful, Very silly, Very childish, mysterious at times
*COUGH* Dary gave herself more personality *COUGH*
Toy Bonnie's POV
It started as a normal day. Toy Chica and Mangle were still being made. I was talking to Toy Freddy about the ones in the back. He started saying that they are used for parts, and that I have Old Bonnie's face. The workers let us walk around for the whole day. I went over into the game room and say a child. It started to laugh and say "Hello" and "Hi". I just walked away and I couldn't wait for the kids to walk in. I went back on stage and went into "Sleep Mode"
=========================================================================
I woke up and start to see kids. I picked up my guitar and started playing. I saw Mangle in Kids Cove. I started to feel bad for her. But she wasn't part of the crew. I saw to kids walk in and I thought they were so cute.  The girl's hair was long light brown hair parted to the right side.She was wearing  normal plaid dress, star tights, black boots , pale skin and hazel eyes. The boy had short black hair. He was wearing  a Foxy T-Shirt and blue jeans with black glasses. He also had blue Converse Shoes.
They started to sit in the Toy Bonnie area so they could see me better. I then got off stage to go see Mangle and ask her is she ok but she didn't reply. Then the place started to close and then came in some strange man. I just stayed on stage but everyone else went to go see him.
ღ Thought 1 ღ
Same sex marrige is legalized! YAY
ღ Thought 2 ღ
Why is the thunder so loud...
ღ Thought 3 ღ
Obama isn't that bad of a singer actually.
ღ Thought 4 ღ
I"M GONNA MAKE MY PROFILE PICTURE ON FACEBOOK A RAINBOW
ღ Thought 5 ღ
Now Tom. WHY ARE YOU SO BOOTIFUL.
ღ Thought 6 ღ
If you double right click on a YouTube Video you get the loop option. Huh.
ღ Thought 7 ღ
I wonder what she is doing............
ღ Thought 8 ღ
I miss her.
1.) I LOVE FREAKIN PINK!!!!!!!!!2.) I LOVE FREAKIN DA MUPPETS MAN!!!!! ( ' ▽ ' )ﾉ3.) EM ISH GIRLY AS FUDGE!4.) I am bread *_*5.) my close friends arrrree ALL ME CHILDREN!! ( Trevin-chan, Liza-chan, Mykell-chan, Foxay-chan ect-chan )6.) I LOVE ALL ANIMALS ;)7.) >.> my dog is watching me eat my sandwich right now8.) I ran-over my dads foot once o-o9.) Im in love with meh buddy ;-;10.) I use to live in Seattle o-o maybe11.) im a A+ 12.) I LIKE SHINEY THINGS *O* and OREO's D;<13.) I might be cute JK JK I AM ALRIGHT XD14.) Don't touch me children *_*or you will get butt raped with a knife15.) Mystery?16.) I like long walks on da black bitch ;) 17.) my brother took my phone on 16 ;-;18.) my brother ish is racist 19.) door nobs are sexy *_*20.) I love 20
Carla was a new student at Diverse High School. She was 15 years old. Carla saw lots of prep girls at Diverse High School. She wanted to be one prep too, but she decided to stay regular and just be cool.
This one guy in Carla's class was always staring at Carla. Carla didn't know after she had some friends at school. She met this girl name Ashley. Ashley was nice and kind, but after all she is a prep too.Ashley was talking to Carla. Ashley said "Do you know that dude that always stare at you?" Carla said "No?.. But um... Why does he stare at me? Just like every minute he looks at me. Also, it gives me the chills." Ashley said "Well, I gotta talk to him." Carla said "Alright."
After the first class, Carla was listening to every word that Ashley went to talk to Brent after Carla was done with class. Carla heard "Why do you keep on staring at Carla? You know that she doesn't like it. Also, remember I told you that I also had a crush on you. You better not go out with her and you'll know what'll happen to her face! You got it?!" Brent said "Okay.. But I know that you liked me since 7th grade but, I got feelings for Carla now.. You gotta move on Ashley. I don't like you anymore and don't touch Carla!!"
After that Carla went to the girls restroom and cried in the bathroom. She never knew that aashley wad that kind of friend but, now she knows how Ashley is now. In Carla's head she just wanted to swear up to that "prep girl Ashley".. So then Carla just went to wipe her face with water and left the bathroom.
For that whole day Carla went home until the Bell ranged. Carla keep on thinking about what Ashley and Brent was taking about in the hallway.
Maxine groaned, her alarm clock buzzed. "Shut up." She mumbled and hit the button, "Maxine, sweetie." Her mother called. "Coming." Maxine replied falling out of bed, she grabbed her clothes than walked to the bathroom, she put on a white shirt, skinny jeans and nikes. First day of middle school. Max ate her lucky charms then picked up her backpack, her and a boy loaded on the bus, the boy would twitch and crack his neck. She looked at him and her face lit up, she was blushing. The boy got pushed around like a soccer ball. The kids called him names. Max raised her tone, "Leave him alone." She told the kids who where picking on him, the boy twitched. His face was bloody, the bus pulled over as Toby moved up to max. "What's your - " the boy would twitch, "name." The boy finishes his sentence, "Maxine, but call me max." Max smiles, "I'm Toby." Toby twitched, "thanks for sticking up for me." Toby gulped. Max looked around in her backpack, she pulled out a rag, "clean your face off, Toby." She sighed. He cleaned off his face, "ticci Toby!" One of the bully snickers. Toby began to look at max, tears forming in his eyes. "LEAVE HIM ALONE!" She raised her tone higher. "I'm sorry, Toby." Max cries. He wraps his arms around her.
The flame in the heartOf a soulless beastWill never be fed;Not after a feast
Your handsAround it's neckSuffocation-It's bound to check
Stare into it's eyesWonderin' whyThis ugly beastJust won't die
The things in my headFill me with hateHumor:My most disguising trait
See right through cloakFilled with disgust"Just another bloke,"Then you do what you must
Break the possible?Go all out?I need to thinkSo I don't shout
Only time will tell,Well isn't that swell?I've waited yearsAnd I have just fell
Like a building Trapped in flamesI will fall down'cause I'm tired of these games
Look into my eyesTell me it's trueThere's no wayThat I deserve you
Sometimes it's easySometimes it's notAll the whileIt's all I've got
Cold as iceHard as stoneThese walls are hard,Hard as these bones
My heart is chainedMy mind is trapped You contain the keyBut I won't be stopped
Nails in my eyesFingers in my throatI think it's 'bout timeWe sunk this boat
Like the TitanicI am bound to fallBut before I doI gotta make a call
No one is listenin'No one can careWith youAll the pain I share
Smile and laughIt's all I doSo you won't look at meAnd see the shit I've been through
I hope you knowThat I do love youEyes sharp as glassYet soft and brass
All these temptationsThey're in my headAndI just can't take 'em
What do I do?Where do I go?I can't take itSend me home
It's in my blood This faithful crapBut in the endIt's all a trap
Don't look at meDon't look at my eyes'Cause all you'll seeIs pain and demise
You are my drugI am a bumI take it so muchSo I just go numb
Pain and demiseIt's all you'll seeSo don't do itDon't look into me
WARNING: THIS IS MY FIRST STORY JUST SAYING


Michael (Mikey)
Age: 17
Height: 6" 2'
Family: Cristy (mom)    Brian (dad)    Lizzy (sister)

Lizzy
Age: 14
Height: 5" 4'
Family: Cristy (mom)    Brian (dad)   Micheal (brother)

Andrew (Drew)
Age: 15
Height 5" 5'
Family: Alice (mom)   Joseph (dad, also dead)
A/N: story in natsumes p.o.v
"Natume. Im glad i was able to convey these feelings to you," she snuggled closer."Idiot. Dont say those things straightforward," its been too long, since i felt thesr feelings."Are you happy too?" she whispered."Year. Im happy. Since now your with me," i hugged closer to me.We were both in my room, watching the view from my room. The full moon was high in the clear datk sky, moonlight being our only light souce. It was a chance for us to be alone after a whole week of seperation.
I felt her hand on mine, i instantly intertwined our fingers together. I want to be with her forever."Mikan
Mastrophobia is an irrational fear of breasts.
It's also the word Justin likes to use before he begs one of his teammates to give him a handjob at the back of their tour bus.
So when almost the whole team wants to know why their star player is constantly asking this of them, Justin puts up his defences and lets them 'know' he's not gay, just in need of some action sexually.
Even if most of his team consists of gay and bisexual boys from a few different parts of the world, Justin still is the guy whose locked himself in the closet and refuses to come out.
But maybe that'll change when there's a new team member who almost immedietly takes the role as the rising star.
Author's Note; I can feel judgement but stahp haha.
Okay, this is going to be the kind of book I'd update when I feel like writing it.
So that means, I could upload frequently - or every once in a while (sorry)
but the more votes and shit I get will determines the amount of uploads I'll do.
So please let me know how you feel about this story!
By the way, its gonna have loads of (b)romances in it which will include boys from One Direction (including Zayn bc ftw) and 5SOS (Aussie, Aussie, Aussie!) and a few viners!
Thanks for reading!
♡ Vote ♥ Review ♥ Fan ♡
Chapter 1: Why You Should Never Lock Yourself In The Bathroom

Hi there. It's nice to meet you... though technically I'm not meeting you, so scratch that.
Seeing as you can't really introduce yourself to me, I guess I should start.
My name is Charlie Laidlaw. I'm 15 years old and a pupil at Catmeer's School for Abnormal Children. Yes, that is actually what it's called. But I guess I haven't even told you how I got there yet, so for all intents and purposes, I still go to St Francis' Boarding School for the Criminally Inclined. Because according to everyone, I'm a criminal. It's hard to explain.
I'm not, I just tend to have a string of criminal-like things happen around me. Back when I wasn't at Psycho-Kids School, I used be a perfectly normal student, who things just happened to blow up around. Again, hard to explain. Once I brought in fireworks to school, I was planning to take them home afterwards, but then they somehow went off in my bag, and almost killed three people in my class. That was the first time I got expelled.
Another time we took a trip to a weapon's museum. It was great, we even got to hold a rifle. Of course, I ended up almost shooting the tour-group leader. Honestly, no one had even known it was loaded! I just pulled the trigger without thinking.
Add both of those incidents to the time I actually did steal a car, and yeah, I got myself stuck in a criminal school. But the car thing sounds more dramatic than it was, I just drove it for ten minutes so I could get to the hospital quickly, my dad had been injured badly, and there were no taxis about. What's a bloke to do?
Being sent to St Francis' had been terribly embarrassing for me, Maddy Panes, a girl from my old school who I had never seen eye to eye with laughed so hard snot came out of her nose. At least my father wasn't disappointed, or at least, never for longer than a few minutes. That's about as long as his moments of lucidity last.
So, now to actually begin the story. I suppose the day everything kicked off and I started getting myself landed in mortal peril two times a week was actually my 15th birthday.
I'd been working all day at "Fun Dogz", the local fast food restaurant. I'd started off as a waiter, but my terrible coordination and chronic clumsiness had soon proven that my future did not lie in balancing breakable objects on trays. So now I just mopped the floors, and cleaned the toilets, never as often as they needed cleaning, but you wouldn't catch me complaining on that front.
When I pushed open the little flat door, my keys jingled and the hinges creaked, but that was the only sound in the place.
"Dad? Mell?" I called, but there was no answer. I wasn't expecting one from dad, but I still called his name, just because I never thought not to.
"Hello? Mell? Dad? Where are you?" I said, nudging the door shut with my foot, my hands full of brown-paper shopping bags full of half-price food, and stuff from the 99c shop.
I thought I knew how to coax my little sister out of her hiding place "I've brought sweets!"
Quick as a whip a tiny tangle-haired blond girl shot out into the hall and rounded on me.
"Where?" she demanded. So polite.
I grinned sneakily at her, knowing this would drive her mad "I never said they were for you."
Mell shot forwards and started stamping on my toes. Charming.
"Charlie! Give me the sweets!"
I laughed and dropped the bag of sweets lightly onto her head.
She snatched them into her little hands, and immediately started shoving the sticky pink balls into her  mouth.
I didn't get her sweets as often as she would like, because if she got sweets as often as she would like, she would have no teeth by the time she was twenty.
Back when mum had been around she had never let either of us eat anything but health-food. She had been fitness obsessed and spent most days at the gym, which had been fine until we found out she was having an affair with her fitness instructor. The two of them ran off to Brazil when Mell was 2, and we hadn't seen her since. At first I missed her a lot, but  then I reckoned, if my mother didn't care enough to stay with me and my sister, then I was better off without one.
My dad missed her though. He often forgot that she had left, and I never had it in me to tell him what had happened.
When Mell had vanished again, I went and unpacked the rest of the shopping into the small cupboards and fridge in our tiny kitchen. The freezer in our fridge was broken, and I didn't have the money or skills to repair it. One of the lights on the inside was dead too, and the whole thing cut out at random intervals, so I tended to go shopping as often as possible, and buy very little, so less food was wasted if the fridge did die for a while.
When I was done unpacking I decided to pay my dad a visit, mustering a little strength before I pushed his bedroom door open.
The room smelt of stale air and old cologne, and everything was dark except the the orange square in the wall, where sunlight was trying to seep through the thick weaving of dad's hideous mustard curtains.
"Yuch, dad! You're meant to open the window at least once a day! It smells really bad in here."
"I don't like having the window open, it's cold outside!" dad barked from the bed in a darkened corner. He wasn't bed-bound. In fact he had been advised to move around more, and go out, but he preferred to stay in his room all day.
I ignored his objections and walked over to the window, tearing the curtains open and revealing a blizzard of swirling dust mites in the shaft of light that fell into the room.
"There." I stated "That's much better."
"No it's not, you always do that! Even when we were children you used to open the window all the time!"
I sighed. Dad often got me confused with his brother John. He'd been lost at sea when I was a little kid, before Mell was born. I remembered him vividly, I always used to say he was like Indiana Jones, because he'd been everywhere and had the best stories. He also wore kaki more than 90% of the time. Looking back I guessed most of his stories were really just stories. They always included dangerous shadow-monsters and people with magical powers. Before dad had been diagnosed he had told me the real versions, they weren't quite so cool, but still pretty awesome for a guy coming from our family.
I suppose I did look quite like John. My dad always said I had inherited the Laidlaw-looks more than he himself ever did. Pitch-black hair and eyes that were so dark-blue they were almost black, with a slightly round face and long legs. Dad had got his looks from his mother's side, light brown hair and extremely pale blue eyes, narrow shouldered and scrawny. Mell was my polar opposite, blonde hair and big brown eyes, just like our mother. To look at the three of us, the last thing you'd think would be "they must be related".
"I'm not John, I'm your son, Charlie, remember?" I said calmly.
My dad frowned for a second, then understanding dawned "Of course! Charlie! Sorry, you really reminded me of my brother for a second there."
I shrugged in a doesn't matter way that I always used when dad realised he had forgotten something, or confused something.
"Yes... Charlie... so how was school?"
"I didn't have school, remember? It's two weeks into the summer holidays."
Dad frowned again "Yes, of course... sorry..."
"Doesn't matter. How are you?"
"Cold. Could you close that window please, Miss Chive must have left it open earlier." dad said, gesturing to the window.
"No. I just opened it, you need some fresh air." I said strictly.
I hated this. Being the responsible one. I was the criminally inclined kid for heaven's sake! I wasn't meant to be the one taking care of him, telling him to get out of bed, get some fresh air in his room, put his dirty clothes in the laundry basket. This had used to be exactly the other way round. I really missed that.
"Right... Charlie! I just remembered! Your school report, what is this all about!?" dad suddenly demanded and I flinched.
This year's school report had been worse than most, and I had discussed this with him five times already, but he never remembered. The conversation never got easier for me though.
"Yeah, about that..."
"Five fights, Charlie? Five?"
I felt uncomfortable "Trust me, they were all perfectly justified. This bloke was kicking in a first year, and-"
"Why didn't you talk to him? Or get a teacher?"
"I did talk to him!" I lied.
I never talk when that kind of thing is happening. I just sort of barge in without thinking. Impulsive doesn't even begin to describe me. Thinking before acting is a concept that never really gripped me.
"And getting a teacher?" dad said sternly. Well, at least he was the one being stern again.
"There wasn't one anywhere near..."
"What's wrong with you, Charlie? You're not an aggressive boy!"
"I know, but he was really pounding the kid and-"
"You wanted to to be the hero."
I frowned "What? No! Someone had to stop him."
"And why did that someone have to be you?"
I could feel myself getting annoyed. I'd done nothing wrong!
"No one else was doing anything. You always told me to help people who couldn't help themselves!"
Dad shook his head sadly "You don't always have to be the hero, Charlie. What good did that do? You'd have saved yourself an enemy and a bad report if you just went to get a teacher!"
He was right, I knew he was. That didn't mean I wasn't annoyed.
It had been in the break, and I was strolling around the football pitch when I saw Brian Torkins punching a kid in the stomach. The kid had ridiculously spiky hair like a hedgehog, dyed a neon orange, which was all I could see of him because he was doubled over, but I recognised him as Petey Smith, a kleptomaniac from the first grade. He was nice, if a little sneaky. I'd immediately run over and punched Brian in the back of the head. The enormous hulk-like bully rounded on me instantly and I'd ended up with a bruise on my cheek and yes, a bad social report.
I felt sure there had been no teachers around. But what if there had? Did I really have some kind of hero-complex?
"Where's your mother, I haven't seen her all day." dad cut into my thoughts.
"She's uh... down at the gym. Said she'd be back in a minute."
Dad sighed "She spends half her life at that gym, I've told her I love her the way she is, but she's still convinced she could be more toned. I think that's what she calls it. Hope she doesn't wish I was more  "toned", eh Charlie?" dad said and winked, chuckling.
I couldn't bring myself to laugh back. This was just painful.
There was about a minute of silence where I didn't know what to say, and dad drifted into some daydream, then he suddenly eyed me suspiciously "Do I know you? What are you doing in my room? Get out!"
"I'm your son Charlie."
"No you're not! Get out right away! And you can tell my real son, if you see him, that he's never to let you in here again!" dad shouted, and I winced.
"Yes d- ...uhhh Mr Laidlaw."
I walked to the door, fighting back the crushing feeling of despair threatening to wash over me. There was something indescribably terrible about my dad not recognising me.
I wasn't going to dwell on it though.
I was just about to close the door gently behind me, when dad called again "Happy Birthday, Charlie. I'm afraid I don't have a present..."
I felt a wave of relief. Every time he forgot me I was terrified he would never recognise me again, but usually it only lasted a few seconds, a minute at the most.
"That's fine." I said.
"No it's not, your mother never let me forget!" he said.
"It's really fine." I said, and closed the door. At least this way I would be leaving it on a happy note.
Now that I had seen Mell and dad I didn't really have much to do other than avoid Miss Chive, so I locked myself in our bathroom.
She was dad's carer. Health insurance and my earnings couldn't stretch to anything more than one carer with not much training, and although I hated her and she hated me, I was glad she was there. I could never take care of Mell and dad on my own.
She was a small fat woman with greasy grey curls and a hideous plastic apron with flowers on. Her arms were amazingly thick, and she always carried a mop to hit me with.
As I didn't really have a responsible parent, she was the one who ended up attending any mandatory parent/teacher conferences, and she was also always the first one to read my report cards. Being described as "recklessly impulsive", "hyperactive", "antisocial" and "innatentive" along with all the fights I got into had not put me in her good books. Of course the teachers never bothered to mention that all the people I got into fights with deserved it, and when I tried to tell her this, she added "liar" to her own list of things she disapproved of about me.
Our bathroom was small and grimy with a tiny bath and a toilet that the white paint was peeling off of in crackling patches. The mirror over the sink was smudged and rust-coloured specks were spreading from the corners. My reflection had dark bags under his eyes, made worse by the poor over-head lighting.
I decided to have a shower, but I brushed my teeth first. I was just about to pull off my shirt when Miss Chive's voice pierced my eardrums like two very sharp needles.
"Charlie? Get out right now! I have to clean in there!"
On the inside I groaned. Loudly.
"I was just going to take a shower."
"You can do that afterwards. Get out. Now."
I was about to do what she said. I really was. But then my head suddenly exploded with pain. It felt like someone was driving a white-hot railway spike through my brain. I think I might have yelped, but I'm not sure, I was quite distracted at the time.
"Charlie?!" she called again, but by this point I was doubled over with my hands on the sink, trying not to scream. It was terrible, the kind of pain that continues without any kind of release. My feet were stamping and jumping and trying to pace, just so I had something to do that wasn't think about the pain.
"Charlie, open this door this instant or I'll kick it down!" Miss Chive said, worry creeping into her voice ever so slightly. Under other circumstances I would have been touched by her concern, as it was I barely registered the words, let alone what they meant.
The pain was getting worse, like all the headaches I'd ever had at once, times twenty.
I was about to konk out. My brain was shutting down so it didn't have to cope. Then, as the pain reached a level I associated with medieval torture, it stopped, and all I could see was blue.
I felt like there was power, flowing along the floor beneath my feet and in the walls around me, all I needed to do was move my arms and I could control it. I turned my hand, just a fraction, then there was a deafening bang and the blue, rippling haze was gone, and I was standing in my bathroom, with water pouring from where the tap had been seconds before.
The door crashed open, Miss Chive standing in the frame. She had broken the lock with one strong kick. Dislike her as I might, that woman was hard as nails.
"What the hell have you done?!" she screeched, staring at the bubbling stream of water, and the tap lying in the corner. My eyes followed hers, and I saw a smashed wall tile where the tap had hit.
"I didn't do anything! There must have been a build-up of water pressure or something..."
The water stopped bubbling, but the damage was done. There were dark, wet patches seeping into the carpet in the corridor outside, and to repair the bathroom would cost way more money than we had.
I hurried out of the bathroom, knowing that if I offered help she would hit me.
"And get those sweets off of your sister!" Miss Chive shouted after me.
I walked into the sitting room, confused and somehow angry. What was I meant to do now? It would take ages to get enough money to mend that!
Mell was sitting cross-legged on the sofa, her lips pursed as she sucked on a sweet.
I knew she must have heard the bang and was expecting her to ask what had just happened.
"Miss Chive wants to take my sweets." she said thoughtfully.
"Yeah? Well tell her she can't have them." I said heatedly.
Mell frowned at me, and I suddenly felt the slight rush of anger drain away. I flopped down on the sofa next to her.
Mell studied me for a while longer, then launched herself onto my stomach.
"Why are you in such a bad mood?l
I gasped in pain "I'm not! Get off... I need... to breathe!"
She moved onto her elbows and knees, the spiky little things sticking painfully into my chest and abdomen.
"Tell me!" she demanded, and I felt all the air leave my body.
"Mell... ow... pain... lungs... collapsing... ribs... breaking..." I managed, somewhere between gasping and groaning.
She rolled off me, long hair falling in her face.
"You sulk when you're angry. It's annoying. You never tell me why."
"I do not sulk!"
"Yes you do. You sulked when dad got sick."
I sighed "That wasn't sulking."
"Yes it was, you locked yourself in our room and wouldn't let me in for two hours." she said matter-of-factly.
I didn't really feel like telling my little sister I had been crying. She took the piss out of me enough as it was.
After a few seconds she figured out I wasn't going to answer, and crawled away on the floor, long blonde hair brushing the carpet.
I dug my earphones out of my pocket and plugged myself in. I flicked through my song list until I found my favourite David Bowie song, and settled back on the sofa, closing my eyes.
My thoughts ran wild for about a minute, trying to figure out what had just happened, but I had been working all day, and it didn't take me long to fall asleep, Life on Mars drowning out all other sound.
*
I woke up about two hours later with a krippling pain in my neck. I'd been sleeping at a strange angle, and I couldn't even move my head anymore.
I tried to sit up, and felt something small slide off my chest. My hand shot out with reflexes I didn't know I had, and I caught the thing before it hit the ground.
It was a little cupcake with a note stuck in with a toothpick. I pulled the note off and took a second to recognise Mell's illegible, scrawled handwriting, and another ten to decipher the actual message.
Happy Birthday! Miss Chive said I shouldn't wake you, and I forgot to give this to you earlier.
I smiled, and took an enormous bite out of the spongy cake. A few chews in I felt something spiky sticking in my throat.
I choked and pulled whatever it was out of my mouth. It was a small plastic unicorn. I should've seen that coming.
Mell was going through her unicorn-phase. A while ago I had bought her a few little figures and she scattered them around the flat, gathering them again every evening just to scatter them again the next day.
Clearly despite her birthday wishes she was still evil enough to try and kill me with a plastic pointy thing on her edible present.
I slipped the unicorn into my pocket, and ate the rest of the cupcake, wary of more small toys that could kill me.
Miss Chive would be at home at this point, and dad and Mell would be asleep, so all that was left to do was to flop into bed.
So that's just what I did, stealthily sneaking into our room so I didn't wake her.
She was curled up on her small bed in a stripy blue-and-white nighty. She was scowling in her sleep like she always did, and I was reminded that she had been through way too much for someone her age.
I felt somewhere between happy and miserable. Happy because it was my birthday, miserable because of everything else.
As I went to sleep for the second time that night, I wondered whether my sixteenth year would be different than the others. I should have wondered more.
D֘
It was cold.... So cold.in the psychiatric ward and I couldn't fall back asleep.
I tossed and I turned on the small uncomfortable bed, giving up I looked to the wall in front of me with the round white clock.It showed it to be a quarter after two in the morning, I closed my eyes and tried to fall back asleep, but then I felt it...... The most horrifying sensation that someone alone could feel.
Somebody watching you, when nobody else is supposed to be up.
I've been feeling that sensation for awhile now....
Ever since that night.....that horrible, horrible night.
The night dark ominous eyes watched me sleep, while my mothers body laid Butchered in the next room beyond recognition.
That's when I heard it.... An eerie but soft voice say into the darkness.
Go.....To.......Sleep Beth!
I opened my eyes and shook when I saw a dark figure sitting on the corner of my small bed.
I couldn't see his face just the back of his white hoodie.
I swallowed hard and spoke with a shaky voice through gritted teeth.
J-J-Jeff.......?
I met him in a grocery shop.
It was a nice and sunny Saturday evening, and I was out doing the weekly errands. Walk in then walk out. Go with the flow. Do the usual routine. Sounds easy enough, right?
Well it wasn't.
"I was about to pick that up." I said instinctively after watching a hand snatch the last carton of Mellows Fresh Orange juice. While I normally wasn't one to talk to strangers, I still wasn't about to make due with Mellows Fresh Pomegranate juice just because some jackass decided it was his day to be decisive.
The jackass in question, a boy who you'd think was Hercules with the amount of myths circulating about him around town, lowered his gaze to the drink and then met my determined expression with steely green eyes. He was what you'd describe as movie star handsome. Out of your league. Out of the ballpark.
"My bad," He said, sounding utterly unapologetic as his dark brows furrowed. "Can't say I'm good at sharing."
"You don't have to be. How about you just give me the Orange juice, and you go home with that nice fuzzy feeling where you had the chance of being a dick, but weren't."
A slow smile appeared on his lips. It was contemplative, teasing. "You know orange juice is good for cleansing the soul? I really want that vitamin C."
I really want that vitamin C. It was a phrase with all the works of an inside joke.
Maybe one day I'd be walking down the aisle in my white gown, and he'd be at the end with his trademark stunning smile. The priest would start his monologue but we would be too indulged in ourselves to pay attention. 'I really want that vitamin C' he'd whisper, soft and slow and reminiscent of the first time we met.
But even my wallflower self knew that wasn't what he was about. If I was an outsider in this town, then he was an alien. Out of the ballpark. Something happened before I arrived, something which contributed to the rise and fall of the great Cameron Broker. He was an untouchable, a boy you stared at through the gaps in the bookshelf library but never spoke to. A mystery. An enigma.
"I'm sick, you know." He said matter-of-factly, giving me a curt nod as if to confirm the statement. "And not just in the head."
"And my mom has blood coming out of her nether regions, pretty boy. You want to fight a PMSing forty year old with a Taser?"
"God, no. But I can make due with her teenage daughter who apparently thinks I'm pretty." He winked at me. "And you're not so bad yourself."
"Charming."
"Glad you think so."
"I don't." I looked into my cart of groceries and picked up the pack of frozen chicken breasts I'd already dug out of the meat aisle.
My little brother pretty much lived on chicken noodle soup when he was sick, but it was usually the store brought stuff you only needed to add water too. This was the first time in a while I was buying real, fresh meat. The only time my family could afford it.
Brushing of the ice shavings, I handed it to him. "Chicken noodle soup is a much better alternative."
"Alright, as long as you're cooking."
"What?"
Cameron's eyes flickered up to meet mine, a smile playing on the edge of his lips. "That's how a date works, right? Don't tell me this is your first time asking someone out."
"I'm not-" I stopped. In my seventeen years of life if there was one thing that I'd learned, it was that boys like him didn't back down. Boys like him, with their perfect smiles and their perfect hair strolled through life with nothing but a pretty mouth to get them what they wanted.
And they always got what they wanted.
"I hope you enjoy your orange juice." Asshole.
I've never been pursued by a boy before. Unlike many girls my age, I had no experience with the butterflies in your stomach sensation so widely written about in young adult fiction. My knowledge began and ended at that one game of seven minutes in heaven back in the eighth grade when third base still meant touching a girls butt.
So when I got to the check-out counter and began dropping my products on the desk, I can't tell you what it was.
I can't tell you what it was I felt when I looked into my cart and pulled out the last carton of Mellows Fresh Orange juice.
-fixes hair- why hello there.I don't have much time the name is Lauren I am in a band called 5H which the girls are like my sisters.My age is 19 and my relastionship is complucatied -sighs- I love him he just dosent believe me.Sexuality is straight sorry girls.Well that's all for now I need friends pm me maybe?
No.He won't smile without her.
No.He won't laugh without her.
No.He won't giggles without her.
For months,he stays that way.
But she comes into his life.When nobody notice him,she does.When nobody is beside him,she is.She is always near him.She is there everytime.
Excerpt :
"I noticed you only wear that bracelet on your right hand while the others are on your left hand."
"Is it something special?" I ask,looking at the bracelet and back to his face.He looks calm,ready to give me an answer. I am expecting a long story from him.
"Maybe."
"About a girl?".
"Guess so."
"Where is she?".
"So far away."
Hello fellow smut readers. I have decided to create a boom of smut myself. I will be taking requests. Details below!
Request form: Name:* either your name or a random name*•Gender: *of yourself*•Celebrity/ S.O.: *Who else you would like to be in the smut*•Type: * BDSM, Vanilla, Simple, Etc.*•
DM me the filled out form and I will try to write it ASAP!
I hope you guys enjoy the songs that I know and maybe you guys will enjoy them to. Maybe? I don't know. I think some of you guys will know this songs. Maybe? I don't know. ~ Author
hello

ILYSM I can't even explain it so that's why I made this book
@mydaddie
[Verse 1:]What would I do without your smart mouth?Drawing me in, and you kicking me outYou've got my head spinning, no kidding, I can't pin you downWhat's going on in that beautiful mindI'm on your magical mystery rideAnd I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but I'll be alright
[Pre-Chorus:]My head's under waterBut I'm breathing fineYou're crazy and I'm out of my mind
[Chorus:]'Cause all of meLoves all of youLove your curves and all your edgesAll your perfect imperfectionsGive your all to meI'll give my all to youYou're my end and my beginningEven when I lose I'm winning'Cause I give you all of meAnd you give me all of you, oh oh
[Verse 2:]How many times do I have to tell youEven when you're crying you're beautiful tooThe world is beating you down, I'm around through every moodYou're my downfall, you're my museMy worst distraction, my rhythm and bluesI can't stop singing, it's ringing, in my head for you
[Pre-Chorus:]My head's under waterBut I'm breathing fineYou're crazy and I'm out of my mind
[Chorus:]'Cause all of meLoves all of youLove your curves and all your edgesAll your perfect imperfectionsGive your all to meI'll give my all to youYou're my end and my beginningEven when I lose I'm winning'Cause I give you all of meAnd you give me all of you, oh oh
[Bridge:]Give me all of youCards on the table, we're both showing heartsRisking it all, though it's hard
[Chorus:]'Cause all of meLoves all of youLove your curves and all your edgesAll your perfect imperfectionsGive your all to meI'll give my all to youYou're my end and my beginningEven when I lose I'm winning'Cause I give you all of meAnd you give me all of you
I give you all of meAnd you give me all of you, oh oh
@mitchgrassi- 23 juin

"myroommates keep accosting me about the unusual number of
packagesI have delivered to the house. but I just ordered another "


"Scott? Babe, did you buy something ?" said Alex, taking a package inhis hands before shaking it.
Hisboyfriend made his way toward him, took the small box, and shook hishead negatively.
Scottwalked through the house's corridor and knocked at his best friend'sdoor.

"COMEIN" he heard Mitch screaming in his room.
Whenhe opened up the door, he found the brunette boy lying on his bed,his laptop on him.
Scottknew what was happening. Mitch was buying things online. Again.

"Mitch,please, tell me it's not what I'm thinking," the tall blondsaid, his eyes on the smaller boy, who simply smiled at him. Scottclosed his eyes a moment, and opened them again, before giving thelittle package to his friend. Mitch whispered a small "thankyou" and focused on his computer screen once more.

Itwas enough for the baritone. Instead of going out of the room, he satdown on the corner of his best friend's bed, and closed his laptop.Mitch's eyes widened as he looked at his roommate and friend. Beforethe brunette could say anything, Scott decided to speak.

"Mitch,I think we need to talk," he told him, very seriously. Mitchhugged a pillow as he knew what was going to happen. Scott would tellhim he can't buy things all the time, that it's not healthy and thathe's wasting money, that he would not let him do it anymore. Scottwould yell at him.
Mitchwas already feeling bad, why somebody would care ? It was his laptop,his money, his clothes, his life. He could do whatever he wanted. Butno, he was going to be yelled at like a child.

WhenScott saw his friend's behavior, he quickly went from angry to sad.
"Mitchie,you know what I'm going to tell you. You can't do this anymore. Youneed help."
Yes,he had done research and found out that the brunette was actually acompulsive buyer.
Hecouldn't stop himself to buy things. It was an addiction. He wasn'this fault, he was an addict.

"Listen,you might know this already, but, you're a compulsive buyer,"Scott's words were calm, unlike Mitch. The small tenor didn't knowwhat to say.
Theroom went quiet for a while before Scott continued his speech.

"Mitch,we can do something, you know. Yes, you're a compulsive buyer. Ashopping addict. But you can get over it. We can get over it.Together. You could go see a psychologist, and could even go with youif you need me. But you need to stop that." During all hisfriend's speech, Mitch looked at him with big and teary eyes. Butsuddenly, he stood up and threw at his best friend the pillow he washugging.

"NO! I'M NOT SICK. I'M NOTHING LIKE THOSE SHOPPING FREAKS ! I DON'T NEEDTO SEE ANY SHRINK !" the small man said, angrily, "I justreally like buying new things," he added, his voice quieter thistime.

Scottdidn't reply, and just took the brunette's hand and lead him on thebed, next to him. The small tenor immediately hugged the taller man'swaist, an only tear making his way through his cheek.
Scottwrapped his arm around his friend and whispered to him comfortingwords.

"It'sokay Mitchie. I'm here for you. You can overcome this. You will. Iknow it's going to be hard, but we'll go step by step. There's norush. You're going to be fine. I promise."

Ittook a while for Mitch to finally calm down, but when he did, helooked at Scott, and a small and shy "I love you" came outfrom his mouth.
Scott,smiled, kissed the brunette's forehead and told him "I love youtoo Mitch. We'll get over this."

Hepromised him that they'll get over it,
Andthey did.








In an Old Tower there lived a weathered, magical Elf named Nathaniel Duskyhart. Not a skinny passionate, simple Old Tower, filled with spells and a tender smell, nor yet a beautiful, cosy, warped Old Tower with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was an Elf-Old Tower, and that means Happiness.One day, after a troubling visit from the pixie Dervla Wonderstaff, Nathaniel leaves his Old Tower and sets out in search of three violent weapons. A quest undertaken in the company of ogres, elves and deprived ghosts.In the search for the pixie-guarded weapons, Nathaniel Duskyhart surprises even himself with his Intellingence and skill as a Doctor.During his travels, Nathaniel rescues a map, an heirloom belonging to Dervla. But when Dervla refuses to try thinking, their friendship is over.However, Dervla is wounded at the Battle of The Five Walls and the two reconcile just before Nathaniel engages in some serious thinking.Nathaniel accepts one of the three violent weapons and returns home to his Old Tower a very wealthy Elf.
That was the most amazing and craziest party ever!
Hi there you don't know me sorry I'm a little bit drunk hoo I think I saw a floating pink zebra anyhow my name is jade carter and don't tell anyone but I'm an alien captain of a spaceship shhh it's a secret!
I'm telling you because you are my best friend in the all galaxy, let me tell you how it all started.
Maybe a week ago I was like any 16 anti-social teenager I had stupid clothes, stupid friends, stupid life and a too happy mother.
My father died when I was a baby and I'm living with my mother in the stupid state Arizona.
It was a normal Monday I hated my life in my way to school, in class, in lunch time (a Specially because we have Mac and cheese and I'm allergic to stupid cheese) and on my way home from school in shortcut all the time.
I met my friend in this day in the afternoon and after i walked home.
when I arrived I saw my happy mother making a dinner she said "I made you some pancakes.
"I know what it's my favorite meal!" I answered with anger while I shove some pancakes in my mouth.
She said "why are you angry my beloved child in this beautiful day".
"Because it's my anti-social attitude!" I answered again with anger.
"why you have to ruin my life with your too happy behavior?" I asked while I took a beer and leaves the house.
While I was disappearing in the shadows of the night I heard her saying "I love you my sweet berry" it's made me hate her more!
Just comment your ideas if you have one comment on this or my real one shot collection my first idea for my real one I got at the beach from like 57 mins ago.
AN - A HUGE Shoutout to my co-writer Tori_Star2246 Everyone go check out her page :) This story is also on her page :)Thanks for reading
Prologue
I stood in front of the tall, pearly-white building, adjusting the shoulder-straps of my rucksack.
It didn't look like Hell; but looks can be deceiving. High school? More like Hell School. I couldn't wait to leave; just one week and I could leave this hell hole, leave this facade of perfect American High School... I just had to survive one more week. Just seven days... What could go wrong? More like: what could possibly go right?
*******
My name is Willow. Go on, laugh. I'm a freakin tree - How very observant of you. For the sake of traditional 'coming of age stories', let's just pretend I am just "an average 18 year old girl". Wow, this sounds cliche already. I live in Orlando. City of never ending tourists. Wonderful.
It's horrible.
Sure, for tourists it's great; you have tourist shops, tourist parks, tourist EVERYTHING. Then you have the rest of Orlando; not so tourist friendly. At least you get away from the harassing tourists though. Constant attacks of "Do you know the way to Downtown Disney" to which, my current favourite reply is "Well Second Star to the right and straight on till morning", only seconded by "Just follow the Yellow Brick Road" with a sarcastic glare. Some of them believe me. I guess I'm not 'tourist friendly'. Huh. Whatever that means.
I'm DillonI'm 12I'm singleI'm straightMy favorite color is greenI cut ...... nowI um I think that love is full of liesI am sweet sometimesI am a flirtI am sad most timesI don't think I want a girlfriend anymoreI have a bad pastI love animalsI am a uncleI gtg I'll put up more later pm me plz and bye!
I feel like I exaggerate everything. I mean, I know I have had bad things happen in my life but what if I'm just over exaggerating? What if my life isn't THAT bad. Most people have it worse. Hell, some of my friends have it worse. I just don't see how my problems are so bad compared to theirs......but whatever......
"Xavier get your butt here now!"my sister Abigail yells, "alright,alright it only takes 10 minutes to get this good"i say and give her a wink "oh i so wish you weren't my brother"he mumbles. "MUM IM GETTING A DOGGGGGGGGGGGGGGYYYYY!"i tell childishly "fine but your looking after the mutt"mum says and walked upstairs.
I walk in the shop and wanted to get a dog. I looked at all the dogs and none took my fancy "would you like to see our biggest dog?"the lady asked "uh yeah sure"i said and followed her to a room. It was a room with metal or something everywhere on the wall. "This is our wolf/husky,she was hit by a car and is short tempered. We hope that her owner will calm her down"the lady said,when I got eye contact with the dog I loved her already,she started to stop running around and sat in front of the cage. "Looks like she likes you"the lady said and I bought the wolf. "Ok wolf I'll call you Lucy?"i asked she growled "Nicole?"she seemed to like that name, "ok Nicole I need to put this muzzle on you incase you try to bite me. Wait am I talking to a wolf that can't understand humans?"i asked myself ad Nicole kinda chuckled. ------Hey so my first chapter on this book. YES I KNOW IT SUCKS! But hopefully I'll make the chapters better
ιтѕ ѕυρρσѕє∂ тσ вє α נєℓѕα ƒαη ƒι¢, ηєνєя ωяσтє σηє втω. нσρє уσυ ℓιкє ιт
In which a girls life gets painted with color and life.
new story. yay.
❤️⭐️❤️~ Nathan Searfoss ~❤️⭐️❤️
Me: ask or dare me please :3
Elle: 13 years old in grade 7. Long brown hair, hazel eyes, 5'5 and skinny.
Noah: Elle's brother. 14 years old in grade 8. Brown hair and dark brown eyes. 5'8.
Daniel: Noah's soon to be friend. dirty blonde/ light brown hair and blue- ish greeny eyes. 5'8.
Noah has some other friends but you don't need to really know anything about them.
Please comment a vote ❤️❤️
You said that I love you is two words.You and I are one.If you got the shotgun, I got the bat.If you aim the gun, I will pull the trigger back.If love wasn't real between us, I don't know what is.We will be together forever.Nothing to break us apart.I remember all the memories we had from the start.We are like Bonnie and Clyde.If you the rod I'm the die.Your the breath that gives my life.L. OyaltyO. Ne and OnlyV. OwsE. TernityDon't ever leave me because I am not going anywhere.I love you babeXOXO-UnknownI looked up and cried my eyes out."WHY!!" I screamed.I threw everything in sight.Until I came across a old picture of me and him."ITS ALL MY FAULT!!!" I yelled.I ran out my room and tumbled down the stairs.I blacked out not knowing what I was going to do with my life.Nobody knew where I was.I was just gonna wake up soon. L.ifelessO.verloadedV.aluelessE.motionalI am not worth being here.My life is over.Hopes and Dreams.Love and Family.Me and Him.Just Useless.And to think...love, we wrote.
Really sad starter but you will understand everything later in the book. But I feel really confident about this one. So at least check it out. 😇💞👋 The picture she came across is in MM.Live🙏Love 💖Read 📖-Sincere😙
So yah, ask here!
Deep breaths, in and out. You'll get through this I recited to myself as I neared my car door, looking down at the pavement. My hand extended to greet the handle of my car door as I clutched it so tight my knuckles turned white. Usually I didn't mind first days of school, I even tended to enjoy them. But this school year had already started off to such a rocky beginning. Not only had my best friend in the whole world been expelled on the last day of school last year, but it was all my fault. I opened the car door to hear a familiar voice echoing from the end of my driveway.
"Hey Em, you seem kind of down." I looked to the origin of the sarcastic voice to find not only Mike Fitz. My heart suddenly started to beat at a million miles per minute, what should I do? I decided to ignore him and subtly slide into the driver's seat as if I had heard nothing. My plan was going smoothly until he decided to climb into the passenger's seat.
"What's wrong Ema, you're not happy to see me? You're not the only thing down today, im missing some action." He smirked as his hand leisurely slid to my lower thigh and squeezed before promptly removing it and positioning it on his lap.
"Mike, I don't have time for this.. I'm going to be late." I bit back as I rolled my eyes at how suddenly my morning had shifted.
"So what? I mean what's the worse that could happen.. you could get expelled?" He chuckled.
"Not funny Mike, what the fuck has gotten into you? Why are you being like this?"
"Into me? Nothing. But I have been getting into a few places this summer, If you know what I mean." Mike laughed, his joke appearing ammusing to himself. Once again I rolled my eyes.
"UGh, gross. Too much information!" I giggled, I literally could not resist his fuckboy humor. To which he responded in a chuckle right back. My first day of my last year in high school and I had expected to spend it all with this dipwad in the passanger seat of my Jeep and we had gone and fucked it all up. I started up my car, reminiscing about what had happened just a couple months before...
It was the last day of junior year and Mike and I had decided to pull one of our signiture pranks on the Principle, Mr. Shneiger. We rigged his whole office with a bunch bubble wrap (unoriginal I know, but still fricking hilarious), but right as we finished setting it all up Mr. Shnieger walked right in and saw the whole thing. Me, I was off the hook since it was my first time getting in trouble, but Mike was absolutely fucked since he has already been caught skipping class, smoking on school property and doing countless amounts of misdemeanors before. It was literally all my fault too since I was the one who had begged and pleaded for him to pull it off with me, he just wanted to end the year on a good note. Afterwards, that whole summer, he didn't speak to me once. I remember one night he snuck in my window like the millions of times before to tell me he was leaving, but since then ... never again until now. Finally we arrived at the entrance of the school, I stopped the car for a second and glanced over at Mike.
"So uh, what now? You kind of have to get out. I have five minutes to make it to homeroom"
"Enough to squeeze in a quicky?" He winked and laughed to himself. It was rediculous how much sexual humor he directed towards me, considering we had never as much as hooked up. I had zoned out for a bit and was brought back only when I realized he was about an inch from my face. "Tell me you're going to miss me, you know you are, you might as well just say it." He looked up at me smiling contently at himself, he knew exactly what he was doing to me. I looked away to avoid him spotting how hard core I was blushing, and managed a laugh and create sarcastic comeback.
"And why would I do that?" I smirked up him. "You're gonna go off and have your wild aventures with your new private school girls, and everyone knows their as easy as the japs in our school!" My stomach became uneasy as I started picturing Mike flirting with those snobby, rich girls with their intricate eyebrow shapes and pools of money. Needless to say I wasn't very pleased about it, I felt super protective about him. He was like ... my brother? No that's not it. I mean usually that's how I would describe him, but that word doesn't seem appropriate now. He frowned and slowly inched his face away from where mine used to be.
"Oh, then I guess this is goodbye. I'm going to miss you Emma." And before I could respond he was out the door and out of my life, once again.
____________________________________________________________________________
"Mrs. Winston! Pay attention please, this is an AP class and even though this is the firs day I won't have you slacking off!" scram the teacher that I was supposed to be paying attention to. I shook out of the deep thought I was in and decided to jump into the class half way through it, even if I was sufferring my GPA didn't need to be.
"Hi, what the hell is going on with you today?" Whispered Kat from the seat next to me. Kat had been my girl best friend for as long as Mike had, she was the subsequantial third wheel to our Oprah and Gayle. The only difference was that she had known about my obvious crush on Mike. She would always console me whenever he added onto the never ending fuck list he had, and convince me that I was 10 times better than those girls and that the only reason we weren't together was because I never told him how I felt. Katerina was my rock and I was always grateful to her for that.
"I saw him..." I stated back, ominously.
'Him?" She questioned, until a look of utter disbelief replaced her confusion. "You did not! How could you not tell me.. Hello I am supposed to be your best friend here!"
"Oh shut up! It's not like you have spilled the beans about that sexy Italian guy you fucked over the summer. I had to find out from YOUR SISTER!!" I shot back, this summer Kat went to Europe with her twin sister Kathy, which was yet another reason I had been so alone this summer, between her crazy character and Kathy's incredible talent of getting drinks and spliff from any desperate, horny guy... I doubt they had anything but a good time.
"Alright, alright. Guilty. But after all-"
"Ladies you are interrupting my class!" Interjected the teacher again.
"Yeah alright my bad Ms. P" aplogized Kat, followed by her mouthing the words we'll talk about this later.
When the bell finally rung Kat and I walked hurridly over to my car as she spilled all the juic details about her trip. Turns out the one-nighter's name was Francisco, a 6-foot-something Italian god (and that wasn't the only tall thing on him ;). I eagerly listened to her story all the way to her driveway, devouring every last word with an evident jealousy.
"Okay, one I hate you for not bringing me alone, and two how the hell do you bag an Italian hottie and steal a vespa all in one night? You're stories are legendary."
"I know!" Kat exclaimed rolling her eyes in her own profound glory "Next time you're coming for sure, and you can bag your own Italian hottie." We both laughed at the thought of it. God, I had the coolest friends. Just as she was about to get out of the car Kat looked back at me and mentioned, "Hey you never told me what happened with you and Mike, come inside and we'll talk about it."
"You know I would, but I have a shit ton of homework to do." I lied, I hated telling other people about my problems.
"Even though I know that is a big, fat lie considering it is the first day, I'll let it slide since I know how you are with him. Bye Emi, and remeber boy problems are soo temporary." She shut the door and made her way inside. Temporary, if only she was right, but this was so close to spiraling out of control and I didn't even know it yet.

"Don't go to sleep...."
~I remember her sweet big brown eyes and how her hair swayed from side to side when ever she would walk. I remember how she would greet me at the door with open arms and a huge smile. I would run up to her, jump in her arms and be flowered with kisses all over. But all those good things, all the good memories and happiness would disappear at bedtime. She would kiss me on my forehead, whisper "Goodnight." in my ear and make her way out the room closing the door behind her. And that's when everything would change.~
BANG!
"I'M TIRED OF YOUR BULLSHIT MONICA!"
BANG!
"Babe please stop your hurting me and i didn't even do anything." She says while crying and holding her face.
"Who the fuck do you think your talking to? You know what you did." He says smashing her into the wall.
SMASH!
"Sh please. You're gonna wake the children"
"FUCK THEM CHILDREN AND FUCK YOU! Them kids aren't mine and you know it." She begins to tremble as blood leaked from her nose down to her chin.
"Bu- But i never cheated o-"
SMACK!
"DON'T FUCKING LIE YOU BITCH!"
I hated days likes these. My mother would tuck me in at night and go in her room to my father. My father would always be drunk sometimes he was a nice drunk and others he wasn't. He would beat my mother until he got tired and my mother wasn't able to defend herself because he was to strong. He gave her big bruises and left whip marks all over her body. My mother always told when i grow up not to let no man/boy put there hands on me and always to stand up for mysel-...
"Knock Knock"
I didn't know who it was and i didn't want to so i slid down in my bed and threw the covers over my head. I heard my door open and footsteps as they began to approach me. My heart started picking up speed as it raced in my chest when suddenly someone pulled my blanket off causing me to scream and jump up. The person quickly grabbed me and pulled me into a hug and cooed me telling me to be quiet. It was my 15 year old sister YN. I looked at her and saw the tears streaming down her cheeks. Her hair was messy and she had on pajamas it was obvious that she was hearing the same thing as me.
Me: YN what are we gonna do?
You: Jazmyn you know we can't do anything. *sniffs* Member what happen last time i got involved?
~With that sentence she lifted her shirt showing me a huge bruise on her side right above her hip bone. Our father did that to her last time she got involved.~
Me: *frowns* Oh yeah. Well let me go in there than.
You: Jazzy baby its not safe for you.
Me: Well call someone than.
You: The phone is in their ro-
BANG!
Me: *starts crying* YN I'm sacred.
You: *hugs her* Me too but mommy is gonna be okay. She promised that she would never leave us.
Me: *sniffs* Oh yea-
"Devonta!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? PLEASE DON'T! *sobs* I LOVE YOU AND MY KIDS SO MUCH PLEASE DON-"
*gun shots*
You: *jumps*
Me: MOMMY!!!!
You: *tears* Shh jaz i'll be right back I'm gonna go check on mommy. *stands up* Don't move! *leaves*
Your P.O.V
I got up slowly and walked into the hallway slowly making my way toward the master bedroom. When i got there i reached for the door handle and turned it oh so slowly trying my best not to make a sound. I pushed the door open lightly and looked inside. I regretted this moment, i wish i never saw that. The room had blood stained on the carpet, dents and drips of blood on the walls. I look on the floor and saw a gun and there laid my mothers body. It looked so lifeless and beat up, i turned away quick i couldn't believe he killed her. i began to cry silently as i trembled. I looked inside the room again this time i was looking for my father when i spotted him on the bed. He was sobbing with his head held in his hands and next to him was the house phone. Suddenly he looked at me making me jump up. It felt like my soul had just left my body and i could feel my face grow really pale. "YN?" He said in a low tone, i backed up slowly and shook my head no. "YN!!" He said this time raising his voice and getting up his bed. He began to walk towards me, I slammed the door and ran back to Jazmyn's room.
You: Jazmyn we have to go. Now! *pulls her up*
Her: Where are we going? *sniffs*
You: *grabs bag from under the bed* Somewhere far away. *grabs her hand*
Her: Okay. What about mommy was she ok?
You: *tears* No...She was- He killed her.
Her: What? *cries* But she promised she would never leave us.
You: We have to go before da-
??: *bust door open* FREEZE!
You: *turns around* The police? How did y'all get here?
Police Officer: We got a phone call that a man had just killed his wife. Are you their children?
You: Yes. Where is my father?
PO: We didnt find him but it's not safe for y'all to be in this house. Lets go! We have to put y'all in a foster home.
You: Please don't split me and my sister up. We're all we got.
PO: Of Course not. Now come on.
I grabbed Jazmyn and we followed the police officer. Jazmyn was still crying but i told her that I'll always be there for her and that I'll never leave her side. As we walked out the house i could see a huge crowd of people staring at us. We got in the police car and i cradled Jazzy in my arms. She was only 5 and she had to witness her own mothers murder. I was just hoping that they found my father cause if they don't then he'll come looking for me and Jazmyn...God knows what he'll do to us..
-------------------
Prolouge
It was a cold, winter day.  The sun was bright, the sky was full of clouds.  Birds didn't chirp.  There was a cave, dark and cold.  A wolf pup and his mother. The mother of the pup, Stone, was feeding her pup.  She kept him warm, and cozy.  But he always seemed jumpy.  Like, he knew something bad was going to happen.  But, Stone seemed to ignore it.
"My little pup, what will I call you?"  Stone smiled, she looked at his bright blue eyes.
"I shall call you, Ice."  Ice looked at Stone.  He opened his eyes.
"Hello."  Ice said to Stone.
"Hello, my sweet pup."  Stone smiled and licked his ear clean.
"Are you my mother?"  He asked.
"Yes."  I answered him, Ice yapped and jumped and snuggled with her.  He was so fragile.  Stone looked outside, the storm of winter was getting worse.
"We must go further.  The storm is getting worse."  Stone said softly to Ice.
Ice put his head onto his paws.  He sighed.  He had fallen asleep.  His mother looked guilty at him, then looked away.  Everything his mother had done was right, but one day, that would all change.  Ice felt a burn in his heart.  Then it got cold.  Ice ignored it all.  He just wanted to sleep, and sleep, and sleep.  He drifted into a dream of wolves like him playing around.  They all sang their howls.  He smiled.  And all was left was the dripping of the ice in the cave, and the howling of the snow storm.
Stone stared at the entrance of the cave.  She thought for a moment.  I'm not ready to take care of this pup.  What if I do somehting wrong?  I'm not ready!  I never will be...  Stone weeped and feel asleep.
Stone saw starry wolves walk up to her.  They seemed kind, wise and strong.  Stone stepped back for percausion.  They stared at her, and sat down.
"Hello, Stone."  The first wolf said.  They had emerald green eyes, and a faint redish brown pelt.
"Uh...  H- hi..."  Stone replied.  "Wh- who are you?"
''We are the wolves of Moonpack.  The ancestors of the two packs.  I see you're just a loner."  The second wolf answered.
"Yes, I'm a loner.  And I know about the packs, but never encountered them."
"We have a message about your pup,"  The third wolf said, with a spark of warning.  "There will be a storm.  A storm greater than you've ever seen.  A wolf with the name of Ice of the winter will be the only one to stop it."  Stone's eyes went wide.
"I can't deal with that!"  Stone growled.  But they had vanished.
Stone shot up awake.  She stared at her little, white pup.  She braught him closer to her.  She stared at the entrance, and the snow they drifted into the den.  "You're safe my little pup.  You're safe."  She said quietly to him.  "You're safe."
(12/12/14)i suggest you skip to like the 10th or 11th imagine.Its for your own sake.Cuz the first ten or nine were crap.
Imagine #1
You were walking home from school when you saw your boyfriend Jason kissing another girl.You just stood there with tears in your eyes when finally he looked up.
Jason:Oh my god (y/n) I can explain
You:NO JUST FORGET EVERYTHING WE'RE DONE
You screamed and started running home.you bumped in to some one then you looked up and saw this really cute boy looking at you with his hazel eyes
You:Sorry
Him:Its ok ......what's wrong,are you ok????
You:I'm fine don't worry about it
You started to walk away when he grabbed your hands and spun you around
Him:No it's not fine....there is obviously somthing wrong ,you can trust me even if you just met me .......oh and almost forgot my name is Austin....so you wanna tell me what's wrong???
You started to cry even harder.Austin hugged you
You:I saw my boyfriend kissing another girl
Austin:I already hate him.Why would he do that to a beautiful girl like you???
You finally smiled and he smiled to
You:hide he is coming this way
Austin:What's his name?????
You:Jason .....Why????
Austin:Just watch...............HEY JASON LOOK OVER HERE
Jason looked at Austin's direction
Suddenly Austin's lips crash into your without hesitation you kissed back.You both pulled back and looked at Jason .He stormed off with an angry look on his face
You:Wow..............umm....my names is (Y/N)
Austin:Well (y/n) do you wanna go to the movies Friday???
Austin had a huge smile in his face
You:That would be great
You guys exchanged numbers and texted all night .when you finished talking with austin you fell asleep with a smile on your face
This was a start of a perfect relationship
AUTHORS NOTE:
I hope you enjoyed comment I you like it or not .if you did I will keep posting more imagines hopefully the other ones I will put will be better
-Alice
Elissa's POV:BEEP BEEP BEEP.Ugh. I really don't want to get up today.. I slowly drag myself out of bed and take a quick shower. After that, I dry my hair and curl it, and then get dressed. It's the middle of December and I live in London. It's FREEZING, so I'm wearing a knit-style sweater that says meow, with skinny jeans and my UGGs. Ahh. Perfect."ELISSA! TIME TO LEAVE!" my foster mom shouts. My goal for this winter break is to find my real parents. I wonder why they got rid of me. I don't care if they don't want me back, but I would like to know why they didn't want me. Why wasn't I good enough for them? What did I do wrong? I've been in foster care as long as I remember....."Elissa, honey, we're here! Have a great day and don't forget that you are going to Kennedy's after school." Penny, my foster mom, says. Wow... I started daydreaming.Here we go... only 6 hours left of this thing they call school this semester......---------------------------------AUTHORS NOTE:hi(: I'm new to writing.. I hope you like it. I promise it'll get more interesting..(: Sorry for any grammar/spelling errors. It's pretty late where I am.. (: -E💕
Beccas pov
"you know when i knew I liked you was when I felt jealous when you did that hand thing at the ICCAs telling that girl to call you" all of a sudden Jesse busted out laughing and fell to the floor "stop its not funny" I said trying to hold back my laughter "oh but Becca it is. It went with the song babe it was nothing"  he said finelly claming down. I had to amit it was really stubid but I couldent help it.
"Come on were gonna be late" Jesse said standing up from our blankit that was layed out on the grass in front of the school "but Jesse" I wined not wanting to move "nope not giving in this time finals are coming soon and I am already behind" "fine" I say giving in. I stand up give him a peck on the lips tell him bye and head to class.
Sometimes he can get annoying with school but I guess I can deal with it. I step in to class two minutes late "glad you could join us"the teacher said. Back off old man I wanted to tell him but just smiled and went to my seat in the back of the class. This was going to be a long day.
THE END OF THE DAY
Here I was in my room watching The Breakfast Club yes he got me into movies. There was a knock at the door but didn't bother to move "come on in Jesse" I knew it was him because he always came over at this time. He pecked me on the lips then asked me to go to a party with him "Jess I don't know you remember what happend the last time I went to a party right"
Flassback
"what's up people I'm Becca and you all are very cool" I screamed into the microphone "I'm gonna dive into you and your gonna catch me because I have always wanted to do that so here I go" I said before jumping in to a hole lot of people
end of flashback
"oh come on I won't drink this time please" he begged with his puppy dog eyes "fine but only if we van leave at ten" "great get dressed were leaving soon" he said before walking out of the room. Sighing I went to my closet picking out a pair of black skinny jeans and white tank top with a black sweater and my Nikes. Walking to Jesses room I knock on his door to a smiling Benji "hi Benji" I say and he lets me in and waves. "Ready, lets bounce"  Jesse comes out of the bathroom. This is gonna be a interesting night.